times square right now
gme yolo update  jan 28 2021
gme yolo month-end update  jan 2021
gme yolo update  feb 19 2021
its treason then
used some of my gme tendies to buy nintendo switches from gamestop, then donated them to a children's hospital. got featured on the local news and brought glory to wsb.
wow super bowl commercial for us
thats what i thought
it's power to the traders now
i am proud to do my part in paying forward our good fortune with a donation of 6 nintendo switches and games to go with them to the childrens minnesota hospital. cant stop. wont stop. gamestop. (still long 50 shares i will not sell)
drew this for you my fellow retards 
we have more power than anyone amc gme  on monday, we have musks, chamaths, cubans, portnoys, and politicians supports like aoc and cruz etc
it runs very deep, my friends.
can we all take a moment and appreciate the mods who have grinded through this and held our community together. thank you.
wsb right now
im so proud of you all.
in honor of finally seeing the almighty u/deepfuckingvalue. we must now do our part in having him written in the history books as the greatest that wallstreetbets has ever seen.
congress might do something for once
our favourite analyst. 
we're in the endgame now
not sure if anyone posted this here, but yikes
today, interactive brokers ceo admits that without the buying restrictions, $gme would have gone up in to the thousands
gme yolo update  mar 8 2021
gme yolo month-end update  feb 2021
forever never dies 
doing my part
i don't need fox business to hold me accountable, but i'll take it!
mic drop
we are all the way up
billboard! went full retard! north of dallas along super busy i-35
listen, its easy
honor to diamond hands.
wsb pioneer. fearless bag holder. better than diamond hands. richer than your wifes boyfriends uncle. yes, this is none other than deepfuckingvalue himself.
u/deepfuckingvalue is being asked to testify in the upcoming gamestop hearing. "diamond hands and tendies gonna enter the congressional record"
do you think he realized it yes or no
billboard in oklahoma city, ok! if someone can rent out a billboard for gme you can hold your shares!!!  !!!! (left watermark for credit)
cool, but why would they bother telling us?
ladies and gentlemen, the roaring kitty.
welcome to the endgame.
dfvs smile, hes watching all us apes support him.
i'm a brown woman in wsb! what the heck is this article talking about?! 
you know something is about to go down when most members of congress are united over wall street trying to fuck us.
to the person that's the laughing stonk of their family.
 here is our deepfuckingvalue in wsb style - art by crossdogz 
good morning to everyone except robinhood, courtesy of @kasparcms on twitter
huge shoutout to kevin o'leary: "definition of the market is speculation. if you are short you know run a new risk that these effective social media vigilantes are going to come after you and squeeze you and its good because it will make a lot of hedge funds think for a second time before shorting."
where do we go from here and who is going to step up to help us?
this guy is flying a banner saying "suck my nuts robinhood"
breaking: sec reviewing recent trading volatility amid gamestop frenzy, vows to protect retail investors
weed about to make me a millionaire in 2021 
welcome, new money
finished my diy project just in time for gme to  (percentages simulated to show movement in the video)
i asked my cat if i should buy or sell gme
he said it!
you heard him, hold! we can take $11.2 billion more away from them. keep those diamond hands and let's send this thing to alpha centauri 
cnbc now running ads promoting that melvin capital closed their short positions on $gme
mark cuban spent nearly 2 hours answering questions in his ama. and then immediately called into cnbc to defend wsb!
wsb, what is your strategy? 
give them nothing, but take from them everything
dont listen to them, this is them trying to take focus away from gme
when i see the media saying we use "an offensive term for people with developmental disorders..."
doing my part! just bought a billboard to run all next week on i-35 between austin and dallas!
when a cnbc anchor asks, "is the reddit army going to short oil next?"
round 2! we've refuelled, and now we're going to pluto 
tried to quickly buy 50k worth of gme before close but fat fingered and ended up buying gmed
starting tomorrow in denver
i get it now. i completely understand why nobody is selling for the money.
josh shapiro, attorney general of pennsylvania, is showing his support on twitter!!!! 
hang in there! to the moon? no, to the moonsk and beyond!
justin sun (asian billionaire) has our back and is joining in.
me right now
apparently its only ok when the 1% do it.
bloomberg even knows: stonks (they only go up)
this money is life changing to me. i could have sold at any time and been set but these hedge funds deserve to burn. im holding if you all are.
just bought 2400 shares of gme. lets go!
im a paper handed bitch. but my student loans are fully paid off now
europe bros listen up: today is the day. it's a zero sum game between us and melvin. you came out for us yesterday and we need you again today. here is where you can buy gme. good luck, and power to the players  
citadel is the 5th largest owner of slv, it's imperative we do not "squeeze" it. these are hedge funds bots spamming awards
recovery incoming!
hard hitting investigative journalism & pultizer prize winning stuff right here
to everyone that held
if this isnt a sign from god himself
who of my 300 brethren's are still in ?
never forget. last year when this guy soldout the subreddit for personal gain now trying to take credit for your movement for the same reason. #cloutchaser
congratulations, /r/wallstreetbets! you are subreddit of the day!
looking at my accounts in the morning
if this isn't a sign, i don't know what is...
i woke up like this should i be concerned?
together no one can stop us !!!
cnbc is really not holding back i see
they are selling millions of shares from etfs thats why its dipping
the economy explained
i converted the price of gme to sound and could not believe my ears
everyone on wsb when they see u/deepfuckingvalue during the hearing.
whistleblowers are coming out, its happening man.
ethan klein (h3h3 podcast) joins the battle, this is really some avengers level stuff
goodbye.
retards this weekend before market opens
tis a fine day to like the stock
lose enough money with fidelity and they'll send you a letter perfect for framing
vlad on his way to commit market manipulation after seeing the gme price
diamondhands lets go
it seems like you already know where
vlad got impaled
gme up 37% "i'm not sure i can take it again"
consulting with my advisor for monday's picks.
spread the word! 
i find myself in a position to pay for a service that i hope i never need to use - $5000 donation to children's hospital
today wasnt a bloodbath for $gme or $amc. we watched literal insanity as hedgies sat and traded their trash back and forth to each other in order to cause you to panic. hold. buy.
u/deepfuckingvalue has a wikipedia page now
jon stewart just joined twitter and he likes the stock!
i knew my simulations were correct!!!
cnbc & other media, here's a lesson on wsb lingo for you
wallstreetbets i fucking love you
wsb's revenge - calling all  to keep your  away from the 
tomorrow, live from the capitol, 2/18/21 12pm et
bought a car with $gme tendies-had to say thanks
food bank donation with gme gains. shelves fully stocked with tendies.
hey sec - here's your market manipulation. rh working to keep gme down.
hold!
why the fuck are we acting like we lost? we made gme go from 4 to 400 and it took combined trading platforms to silence and cheat to bring it to 90.
how to buy gme above broker limits
dont know what mod gave this quote to bloomberg... but i can get behind this message. well done!
"give my regards to your puppet master!" 
ladies and gentlemen, we got them
racing to sell my stocks that i see featured on wsb and cnbc
dfv
i just bought $5,000 in $gme. i would not have done this if the brokerages didn't try to manipulate the market.
there is no silver short squeeze happening. none. never.
there is no sell.
melvin & friends
that's the whole story apes
the legend of $gme
gme overnight pajama party megathread
they act like silver is so fetch
america, meet gamestop: we're not fucking leaving  for life
hey, bloomberg, how about you go fuck yourselves.
why is no one talking about mark cubans tweets? (link to thread that explains more in comments) we like the stock 
its time for a government bailout of gme shareholders at $10,000 per share. this would be roughly equivalent to the $700 billion bank bailout in 08 that was necessary to prevent systemic risk.
who stopped the losses for the millions who lost their jobs and homes during the 2007 gfc or 2020 covid-19 pandemic? you don't get to just shut off the market just because you are on the wrong side of a trade.
how the sec treats hedge funds vs retail investors
i feel like clarification is needed about today
dont stop holding, men! 
i recruited an astronaut to help get us to the moon. hes also an actor, scientist, doctor, and lawyer, and seriously knows his stuff! he loves the movies and we love the stock! long live amc!
$gme weekends be like...
$gme gang awarding their own posts
weed gang 
robinhood staff unhappy about the trading hault were paid off... with a $40 doordash credit lmfao.
rh now limiting to 2 shares max of gme. this is the same shit as yesterday, just disguised.
is it monday yet
my awesome wsb birthday cake - hold 
i spent more time on this than i like to admit
robbing the hood
d i a m o n d  h a n d s 
this is for you, dad
walking into the stock market today
here comes the money
imagine being in a casino...
only 47% left to go !!
robinhood will have to break into my wifes boyfriends house if they want to force me to sell my gme
regulatory agencies overseeing short selling activities of big hedge funds
i programmed my leds to change colours depending on gme going up/down
live footage of me and the guys buying the dips these days 
you never see them in the same room
30 seconds from triggering market nuclear bomb
the silver squeeze is a hedge-fund coordinated attack so they can keep fighting the $gme fight
an open letter to melvin capital, cnbc, boomers, and wsb
cnbc thinks loss porn isn't a thing!
we did it boys - we saved the movie theater industry from covid so we can enjoy premieres together when it ends!  has anyone else also missed the theater experience?
am i clear now? we hold 
hear me out. why im selling all my shares first thing monday morning
a dark part wallstreetbets history, and why it's important for you to know and remember
lots of ass tattoos coming soon!
congressman calls robinhood ceos bluff and calls help line during hearing. he gets sent voicemail
we're going *higher* than the moon
this is what covering their ass looks like. closing long positions to cover gme loss. the effects of 140% naked shorting not wsb. 
gamestop appoints 3 new executives to push forward e-commerce and customer focused transformation
they are going after deepfuckinvvalue
they've got no bullets
the r/wsb new money crowd gives the stonks a good talking to
my portfolio the entire fucking month
new robinhood commercial just dropped
guess who owns tonnes of $slv options? fuck citadel. this shit is co-ordinated
i work for the railroad and this rolled in the other night!
tweet from mark cuban - ... and we all have to respect people who choose to sell because they need to. bills dont care what the market does. get right and come back later - words of wisdom indeed
dfv's double down update set record for most awards on a reddit post
diamond hand rocket song
gme gang, remember to give back. tomorrow i'm paying it forward at our local hospital and buying coffee and donuts for our front lines. those heroes deserve a fucking medal!
oh my god i'm going to fucking pass out.
u/deepfuckingvalue hitting front pages out here in canada 
robinhood now blocks users from getting their statements. statements are required if you want to transfer to another broker.
wsb: gme infinity war
mark cuban said "once the brokerage stops restricting trades, then we'll see what wsb is really made of". well, guess what? robinhood has removed all restrictions.
power to the players
can anyone guess when i discovered options trading?
retards while sec is monitoring wallstreetbets looking for evidence of market manipulation, but all they find is our shitposts and memes:
wallstreetbets state of the union
rh eases restrictions again in amc and gme
chappelle has our backs 
banksy says hold. we hold. (repost from /pics)
$500 donation for every $50 increase in gme price. $4500 donation to st jude so far
gme realistic price prediction dd
key moments from dfv's testimony tomorrow
gamestop appoints chief technology officer ex amazon aws 
a gme story.
day 1 of gamestop hearing - house committee on financial services
gme institutions hold 177% of float why the squeeze is not squoze
down $59k. still holding. who else is still ?
which one of you beautiful dipshits bought $12.7 mil of gme after hours
finally an honest investigative news report - the gamestop mess exposes the naked short selling scam
tomorrow shall be wild
message from a tsla veteran: shut the fuck up and hold
delivered bags of peanuts to gamestop employees, as i said i would. still holding 100 shares of gme!!! 
the wolf of wallstreetbets trailer - created this for the community
hold.
interactive brokers chairman on cnbc just now, asked why they halted trading: "honestly, to protect ourselves"
the real reason wall street is terrified of the gme situation
rip melvin
our darkest hour.
a few steps closer to valhalla
keith gill / dfv's remarks to congress
stop posting and commenting about organizing
work hard, play harder. wallstreetbets, i fucking love you all! presenting aloha wsb! 
dont piss off the mods
dont mind if i do!
beware those who are shilling other stocks claiming they're the next gme! they're just trying to get your attention, and they're succeeding! 
nyse just tweeted to remind everyone to hg which obviously stands for hold gamestop!!!  
im pleased to announce my weekly gme gains of $69,694.20. very bullish for monday with these good luck numbers!
the finest news source in america knows whats up 
when wsb hates robinhood yet still posts a bunch of position screenshots from rh:
if hes still in, im still in
theyre afraid!
gme and amc holders right now
tyler winklevoss announces gemini creating new "trading venue;" welcomes r/wallstreetbets
no matter what comes through that gate, you will stand your ground!
just a little advice from a billionaire... if you still believe in the reason you bought the stock, and that hasnt changed, why sell?
if your friends and family are wondering why you're buying $gme @ $300, maybe you can explain it to them like this:
we did it boys!
were taking over wall street
lawmakers side with retail investors against wall street institutions !!!!!!! gme amc bb nok 
virgin vlad vs chad dfv
they underestimated how retarded we are...
none of these individuals are part of wallstreet bets. nobody speaks for wsb.
hooray for charles payne! the shorts have had their way with the market for decades, and no one has ever complained about it, so i am thrilled, that individual investors are playing the same game, and now you (big hedge funds) are losing - charles payne.
gamestop founder gary kusin said it was an 'honor' retail investors targeted the company: 'i just grabbed some popcorn' 
sec intern pls read: false media reports about reddit traders moving into ____ is clear market manipulation
coming soon to i-95 around baltimore,md
see how the rich lose money and now want to change the rules so they can never lose? 
on my way to work and saw this beautiful site. amc and the moon.
i emailed a journalist to let him know that wsb is not buying silver. his response? he joined the community! welcome retard, can we make this a trend? let's open people's eyes to hats really going on. gme 
i know yall are used to seeing millionaires on here, but the little guys are also holding 
when weed stocks are rippin'
robinhood ceo has former sec commissioner prepping him. in case you were mistaken and thought the sec was gonna help you.
we will win (watch till end)
the moon has been reached. next stop: mars!  see ya on monday!
58th attempt at posting my fucking meme
the sec just posted the new numbers for failure to deliver. guess what, gme is failing to deliver every day.
robinhood is facing nearly 50 lawsuits over gamestop frenzy.
i suspect the hedgies are illegally covering their short positions
y'all still out there?
robinhood is toast....fidelity massive transfer volume
update: $gme in full phineas mode
deepfuckingvalue position update | gme
soon we'll all be able to buy our own gamestop 
my wife just told me she's pregnant with our 2nd!!  a) sweet! b) thank you wsb for these 3m returns! i'm on track to retire early and spend time with my kids 
looks like short squeeze back on the menu boys! buy and hold 
breaking: sec issues ruling on gamestop stock trading
swedish news - over 50k swedes is still holding $gme, me included. swedish apes still strong.
what in the world is wallstreetbets?
lets goooo!!!
all i have to say to cnbc is, fuuuuuuuuck you.
when $gme don't skyrocket at open!!
hedge funds next week 
robinhood has halted trading once again!
if gamestop hits 800 before 2/26 we will trigger the mother of all short squeezes, read up.
i have finally dug myself out of a very unpleasant hole from last year 
still virgin but rich
we now have more degenerates than the population of new york city. yes, we are bigger than the most populous city in the united states of america. apes. together. strong. 
just liquidated $188k worth of stonks aka fresh powder for the battle tomorrow 
$200,000 purchase order for gme locked and loaded 
u/thechalkingdad with is chalk art
to the moon we go! 
melvin cheated
cnbc doxxed deepfuckingvalue - time for a boycott
if papa musk is for us who can be against us !!! im still holding!!!
me, flying first class for the first time:
my best gme gain porn. $1,295 --> $959,663 in just over 3 weeks. sold because of brokers blocking buy orders. sorry
420.69 at premarket - sign from the stonk gods
kekw
u/squishedpeter's cat megathread for march 2nd, 2021
here it is in all its glory
im doing my part!
i say when we sell!
for real wtf is uranium?
amazon reacting to the market by discounting rentals of the big short
 we did it boys ! gamma squeeze incoming ! 
we stand together, fellow apes!
even the smallest shareholder can change the course of the future - part 3
uk trading app freetrade are being forced to disable buys again citing orders from their fx provider. this is it folks, this is manipulation.
strap in boys, they're coming
what a lovely day!
not letting grandma out until melvin and citadel are bankrupt. when will it happen? she's starting to complain so please squoze the squeeze next week
i see dead hedge funds
ok, who's still holding ?!?! 
stop buying slv you smooth brained retards its technically inversing gme. *i lost my crayons so i had to use real charts*
how to pick your next buy guys!
fuck off with all the $gme pessimism!
my father passed away today, and will now watch over all of us apes to ensure we go the moon. rip pops, this one's for you
robinhood has restricted $gme down to 1 share! do not sell! you cannot buy back in!
when my broker suggest i get out of gme asap
ceo has our back!
forbes quotes dfv
a few good apes - this is how the congressional hearings would have gone if wsb was asking the questions
robinhood brand is severely damaged: 56% of account holders are considering leaving robinhood
kevin o'leary is making a $10k yolo
when i buy shares i will be stronger. they'll call me freedom just like a wavin' flag
a retard was spotted in alabama
donated half of my amc gains to my local childrens hospital.
tendies with your tendies: 100 tendie lunches for the local children's hospital workers.
i'm holding for my immigrant parents so i could pay off their house and give them the retirement life they deserve, after leaving a comfortable life and moving to the us to give my brother and i better opportunities. and i'm holding for you! gme  
wsb anime opening
i am going to short the whole country of south africa.
stonks!!!
he is sending us a message. 
analysis on why hedge funds didn't reposition last thursday, why they didn't cover on friday, and why they want you to think they did. (gme)
waking up to make sure my meme stonks are still down
it needs to be said louder and more often. we are killing it.
went from -$6000 to +$2m in $gme and i aint selling till gme hits $5000+
 linus just ran a stream where he would 5x donations and buy $gme. $10k was raised.
great scott...$amc
don't get psych'd out! hang in there...
german retard here, someone is really desperate to get our price down but we keep holding the line. dont fuck us when you open, thanks!
rep. bill h. "answer my question, yes or no, would you buy the stock?" dfv: "yes."
dont listen to lies, shorts havent even begun selling.
aim for the moon
let's do this for alex! amc and gme to the moon!
thank you for this moment, you've given me purpose
my life is a dumpster fire of fd's
another wsb sea shanty - bones in the ocean cover link to youtube in the comments
round two we out hurr
taking my gains paying off my house i just built.. im laying off the market for awhile.. my head hurts
gme turns green when dfv speaks love you autists. he likes the stock!
at this point i just want to prove everyone wrong
the squozening shall squazozzle later than you hope, sooner than you fear, and right when you least expect it. 
new wsb members after making their first profitable play:
porn addict hasnt masturbated in 54 days and $gme is breaking his will
$181,840 gain in 4 hours from $rkt. time to give my wife that wedding she always wanted.
you degenerates made the economist print, "daddy musk."
when he doubles down, i double down. why? dfv with the in-depth analysis...
complete lies. stay away from silver right now
just yolo'd 330k to help keep this party going to the moon
them: youd have to be stupid to buy more shares right now. all of wsb:
just bought 87 shares of gme from saudi arabia. i stand with you fellow retards all the way to the moon 
even cnbc is now reporting that melvin and vlad are in cahoots
odds are for suits: gamestop strikes back
i have analyzed gme prices in relation to moon phases
welcome back, zjz.
gme shareholders today
days ago, robinhood had the potential to be a major brokerage and a top ipo. now there's a significant chance they won't survive
diamond hands vs the world see yall on the moon 
prepare your chest, dear ape!
google helps robinhood after swarm of negative reviews drops company to 1-star rating. fuck google and robinhood
1year+ wsb member, please protect yourself
billboard in orlando, fl near a busy intersection! 
went balls deep on tlry/apha fds yesterday. not my finest moment
------------- dear elon -------------
please stop promoting belfort
robinhood ceo when responding to chris cuomo on why he shut down trading of gme and amc
started with $1200 almost 2 years ago and turned it into 30k as of today
guess what? wsj has corrected their article that misquoted me this week.
**reminder**: /r/wallstreetbets just jumped from 1.7 million subscribers last week to moments away from 6 million subscribers today, over a 300% gain. be careful what you read!
there will be a lot of fud in the media this weekend. checking in to let yall know im still holding 
you guys are engaging in market manipulation
if gme was a sitcom
alright retards i got it
even my wife and her boyfriend can't kill my vibe
$gme priveous behaviour is identical to what is going on now.
people are risking their lives to wage war against the suits and it brings tears to my eyes to watch them do it.
who cares about this guy lmao
today, the whole world shall know his name. say it proudly retards, it's #deepfuckingvalue
amid the enthusiasm, there is a dangerous misconception forming that needs to be quashed.
doing my part as a broadcaster to tell the truth about robinhood and their manipulation....
sober review time - what are the actual data we can use to assess gme as of today?
if you are going to filibuster you should run for the senate -absolute chad shitting on shitadel ceo
robinhood still plans restrictions on $gme for monday. you should already be signed up with a new brokerage.
monday gme is gonna feel like 
the hedge funds will lie on their short positions on gme today, it is their best interest to lie since the fine for misreporting is nothing compared to what they stand to lose. 500 shares @$38 
hold $gme retards
a lot of you have asked if im still   ing. does secs wifes boyfriend have a large dick? from $1.75m gain to -$250k. senator, i just like the stock
we gonna let them talk about us like this?
gme squeeze
an incredible gme poster made by u/birdisonbird
why this weekend is so crucial...
yet another $gme billboard! coming to you from minnesota along i-694 starting monday
a message for gme short sellers
on. serious note: respect the decisions of deepfuckingvalue from here on out
me getting ready to fight the hedgies on monday market open by buying more gme
that's not very nice, dr. parik!
20,000% gain..... on one .59 cent option lol 65$ into 12k
the squeeze has not yet sqouze. lets discuss!!!
bought at 300$ at the top but i know my chimps coming to get me soon. ape never leave ape behind!
vlad's testimony in a nutshell
guy living in his truck update: $600 -> 130k in 16 days. if i can hold you can fucking hold   
just yolod 200k on gme premarket
investorplace has written a positive article in support of gme diamond hands apes!
this is for you, dad (3rd re-post, please don't delete)
why amc, blackberry, nok went down during after hours
$6k  $192k. made $170k in day and then stomached yesterdays dip. 19 years old and not selling til were at a few mil. we decide gmes price  hold strong
sold every share i own...
fuck it, heres your daily gme thread-megathread 3/2/21
fuck you cramer we never sell 
this meme was posted here over a year ago - keeping this in mind is how i've always managed to get in and out for profit on any wsb mentioned stock
dear cnbc
what, +9000? 
i'm 26 and i like this stock
amc to pluto 
we cant let wsb get political no matter what
sec, doj, 60 minutes  public data suggests massive securities fraud in which hedge funds and institutions have created more gamestop shares than actually exist for delivery
gme megathread for thursday february 25th, 2021
summary of the hearing if you've been missing out
diamond hands... let's go beyond, plus ultra gme!!!!
reminder of what actually happened with gme.
take it from mark fucking cuban. dont panic sell and hold that shittt.   >  
are you a robinhood employee and looking for quick tendies? get $5.5 million on average as whistleblower!
daily reminder that buying gme at 300 before 28/1 was a great play at the time.
went all in this morning! support from france 
wsb is probably still compromised
looks like dips are back on the menu boys! i just like movies! 
wsb next week with all gains from gme amc
we're the guardians of gamestop
gme and amc are dead, and here's why.
im ready to be sent to outer space 
just a reminder: shorts don't have an expiration date!
epstein shenanigans all over again
absolute scum, we cannot let these fuckers get away with this
i just like this stock
happy valentines day
actual footage of me and the boys on our way to the moon
laughing stock of the family after this. feels great, man.
gme megathread for march 08, 2021
the economy will collapse tomorrow
"if you want to gamble, use a casino"...shutup, we are. wsb isn't the problem, wsb unveiled the problem.
gamma squeeze coming.    . gme 
kenneth griffin totally not reading from a script
first two days of the first squeeze vs last two days:
robinhood looking to hire government affairs staffers to navigate their impending congressional hearings
we're not fucking selling. we like the stock 
day 2 of gamestop hearing - house committee of financial services
say it with me. we. arent. fuckin. selling.
to all the people who were down and held...
gme! 
took longer to print this than being down 80% on gme. still holding.
beware the imposters
baltimore is not selling. diamonds are forever.
vibe of the past week
nice headline nyt
you can't have it!
please control your risk. please protect your mental health and wellbeing.
$50 billion in losses to hedge funds since january 2021 
me at my job interview after i just watched the big short and got banned from day trading in robinhood
you guys are coming back for me right??gme @ 240 holding
keith gill / deepfuckingvalue tribute
me holding no gme shares getting ready for short squeeze 
gme what about second breakfast club megathread
the reason dvf is so succinct in his answers.
a small reminder of some of the risks involved
gme megathread for wednesday, february 24th, 2021
gme megathread for march 3rd, 2021
holding the line from amsterdam
rkt yolo update - mar 2 2021 - this aged well
investing: 2021 edition
comparable to the feeling when the dvd logo hits the corner
now i am a proud retarded.
the ceo of reddit raising what seems to be a nice glass of ipa after his testimony on the robinhood hearing today like a boss !
if $gme hits 1k monday, i'm getting a  tattoo. who's in?
i get butterflies when i see this
thank you, dr. burry
reddit just added a diamond handed autist as an avatar and ive never wanted to buy premium so much
just bought 7 billboards along every major highway in orlando. to show the world i love gme.
they still never appear live at the same time...
a hedge fund tries to by r/wallstreetbet's gme
why the gme shortsqueeze hasn't happened yet data
this ... does put a smile on my face.
only a college student...but citadel denied my internship application, so now its personal  
for all you apes with diamond hands. your diamond hands have gripped my heart!
happy cake day, wallstreetbets.
the year is 2037. gme is $320 share.
most anticipated earnings releases for the week beginning february 15th, 2021
for those who have been around for a while: what are the most outlandish bets, gains, or losses you've seen on r/wallstreetbets?
im so fucking proud of every single person in or connected to this sub.
wallstreetbets vs wallstreet: short squeeze round 2
jim cramer openly admitting to the immoral "tricks" he and other short sellers use to manipulate stock prices
they are bleeding and they are desperate!!!!!
robinhood is lying - you are blocked acquiring more than 5 total shares
my retard rtx 3080 still holding
me, a long time lurker who suddenly yolod on $gme trying to understand how i got myself into this mess.
just yolod 50k egp, love from egypt
in honor of the legend after seeing that wsj article. someone can probably do it a lot better than me, but would be cool to see on the logo if even temporarily.
australian ape sees into future
at some point deepfuckingvalue will sell and thats ok.
 apes stimulus - locked and loaded 
hedge fund billionaire claims americans are 'getting checks from the government' and investing 'to attack wealthy people'
elon just called out robinhood on clubhouse 
we made money again! how to not lose it this time
gme megathread part 2 for thursday, february 25th, 2021
3d printer go brrrrrrrrr!
do not buy silver!
wall street saves melvin capital (heartwarming)
gme with amc and bb overlay - virtually identical.
after-hours is already at 154, where are the two retards that promised a tattoo at 100?
courtesy of u/terribletraderig - this is the caliber of memes that were posted before there were 1m subs.
bought 4 billboards on i-15 between provo and salt lake city. $160 for four days- not even half a share of gme to fuel this rocket to mars!
actual footage of my portfolio this week
explaining to a friend why they should yolo on gme like...
bb - now you see why wall street wants to keep this under $15. let's make them pay out all these contracts tomorrow. pt: $30+
research?
this is not a place for you to learn investing
gme is unstoppable! see you on the moon tards! 
gme in a nutshell meme
you're goddamn right
a sign from god himself, hold motherfuckers
gme breakfast club megathread
hold $gme to the moon . dont panic and listen to hacks like ross gerber. he is a hedge fund crony and a liar. 
daddy elon got our trendies in the oven 
i am not a cat!
buy gamestop stock wsb -pulled from twitter. the attention this is getting is crazy, but very much deserved.
crazy mannnnnnn. we can't let this slide at all
we have almost won our first major battle 
literally one month ago, sec charged robinhood financial with misleading customers about revenue sources and failing to satisfy duty of best execution
i combined all the top gme memes into 1 epic video
we will not stop. occupy gamestop.
gme safe space megathread for february 23rd, 2021
marc cohodes says has the evidence to blow up citadel, maybe let's get some visibility for this guy?
[bloomberg] $gme short-sellers estimated to have lost $818,000,000 on their bearish bets on wednesday.
how i was acting with my boss holding my 100 gme when it peaked at $483
bought a billboard ad in san jose! running next week
my grandfather told me i would fail and to call him in a year. (7 months later)
the day i turned 18, i took all $6,000 ive saved throughout my life and put in on amazon shares. never looked back.
a note to the hedgie lurkers
move to fidelity retards!! there are no restrictions. bought a ton. buying more gme amc
we will not go quietly into the night
gme megathread for march 04, 2021
when gme starts rising!
news reporters looking at wsb and all they see is memes but stonks keep going up.
dont break even. break their wallets
went to my family accountant with my robinhood 1099 ... he asked what the fuck did i do in the best bull market ever
live feed of citadel discussing robinhood's role in the gme saga at the congressional hearing.
basic guide to wallstreetbets culture for newcomers
even the onion is with us. give us back our tendies rh 
here is the revive we all needed boys. diamond hands only
gme yolo update: 20,000 shares and still holding!  show me that 10k per share!  i like cats.
just rolling my stimie into a bigger stimie, what's wrong with that?
forgot i had this account, i shit myself. so retarded i ed without even knowing.
attack on wall street pt. 1 (sub)
shout out to the diamond hands
turned 800$ in gme into 60k as of now. this is life changing money but you bet your ass im still holding  hold! 
gme and $80 stocks. why to not worry.
billionaire mlb owner steven cohen defiant after gamestop loss and says hes trying to make a living
gme overnight pajama party megathread 9000
goldman sachs says this is the biggest short squeeze in 25 years. with shorted stocks up 98%. and i'm suppose to sell? riiiiiight
there will be tendies
gamestop covered in taiwan news featuring dfv 
lets keep those  boys!!
#silvershortsqueeze is a trap designed to direct eyeballs and capital away from $gme!
down over $1 million on thursday, back on track yesterday. i'm not fucking selling 
when your family and friends are asking why your stimmy is all going into gme and amc
bought 10,000 apha march 2020 @ 2.89. sold @ 30.89.
had to convince my dad to log in and let me screenshot this to post. he bought as a result of us going to gamestop and getting tom clancy's splinter cell. we like the stock. he's not selling.
there's only 500000 shares left to short. buy and hodllllll
the universe left me a sign as i was walking back to my car. 
papa elon supporting r/wsb, totally coming in clutch last night. $gme to the moon 
gme i will hold all my shares forever. citadel reloaded. proud retard.
we must rally against the suits 
mind blown
fuck the washington post 
20 years from now...
had no idea that citadel had its hands in so many pockets!! as per this article 41% of all trading volume goes through them. keep in mind they own a portion of melvin capital! theyve tried to rig the market against us but its time that changed... long gme
serious: wsb lifetime channel moments
gme megathread for march 05, 2021
i was homeless a year ago. i had $1201.36* to my name when they deposited that first stimulus check. i survived off of that while i waited another 6 months trying to get unemployment from my corruptstate. thanks to you retards i took all of my money into the stock market in october. thanks
wonder why rep. bill huizenga was so kind to ken griffin of citadel? this is why.... @opensecretsdc
for those of you missing the "good 'ol days" on wsb...
a summary of gme ape.
rh has to shut down trading due to cash, but they got enough for super bowl ads
repost, but you might want to watch this again
gamestop: why this time is different- open letter to wallstreet and cnbc
warning to all new retards you will lose money here if you stay after gme
am i the only one upset about this?
he got trapped!!
evidence points to gme shorts not having covered but pretending they did (via the use of options to illegally "cover" with synthetic long shares) to break the squeeze
bloomberg and other media is trying to tell us that its over and short interest for $gme has dropped all the way from 120% to 39%. this is false. that massive amount of short closing would show as a massive increase in volume and massive increase in stock price buy the fucking dip
update. $gme broke through the pennant. next stop is the moon.
this might be the best time to inverse wsb
is musk going to buy gme?
i've absolutely no money to invest with, so let this be my contribution to the community 
gme daily thread march 1, 2021
this sub shat on the new people coming in and now theyve saved our asses
the world is with us. hold
100% gain. this rocket is taking off!
was walking to work today and caught a glare off this diamond handed sculpture--------------------------------------------------------just an ape looking for a ride to the moon and beyond.
gme is what separated the men from the boys 
diamond hands
who is still holding? 
we did it guys
still holding! who is with me???
justin sun joins the 
stanley from the office is active in wsb. (yes, its actually him)
we look now, across the vast ocean between us, to our european and asian fellows in this war. it is up to you now, to help us enter this next day with fire in our hearts and our sell buttons disabled. to the next galaxy, comrades 
well....... fuck
the story so far - sound on
asian got your back, still holding strong  and plan to add more next monday 
pay attention concerning fake news
wsb: endgame

markets opening soon - earn these stonks, autists!
bets being paid- a list of unpaid bets (it's about time)
$bb mic dropped about solarwinds a few hours ago, bless papa chen. 
"hold gme" message board on route 9 in nj in front of bimmer clinic.
i hold, you hold we all hold
the sub is becoming a pyramid scheme and something has to be done.
welcome to the battle
why gamestop was going to cause a collapse of the entire market, and why it is still going to:
if we all come up with a dollar or two, we could get the best securities lawyers on retainer for a class action if the sec pulls shenanigans
i'm sick of hearing wall street act like we can't handle risk
jim cramer having an absolute meltdown on twitter right now
spotted in portland, or. still holding here. 
in case there was any doubt. look at how much the hedge funds appreciate how robinhood fucked the little guys. $3.4bn in new financing.
i heard we're allowed to post $gme gain porn now. 54k->1.4m
explaing how we won yesterday and how we have the potential to destroy all the hedge funds that shorted gme and change the entire financial system forever disrupting the clearinghouses themselves!
not fuckin over remember to hold the fuckin line tomorrow
we will put apes on pluto
the comeback!!!!!
citadel pays sec $22.6 mil to settle charges of misleading customers (already back in 2017). nothing has changed! and the sec is never going to do anything that will harm citadel.
end of the short squeeze         
gamestop (gme) said to tap chewy.com's cohen to lead e-commerce shift - bloomberg
robinhood brand perception crashes
gme megathread for friday, february 26th, 2021
guess i am going to work tomorrow 
tonight showed how much the average retail investor can do
ever since i was a young boy growing up in bulgaria, i dreamed of owning amc. #amc
this is for you, dad
hold the line
don't believe the lies. they're even vibrating my phone trying to push this nonsense.
please remove your 420.69 limit sells. i know it's you retards. don't get off the  right before it takes off.
i hope as a community we can respect /u/deepfuckingvalue's decision if/when he decides to sell $gme and not flip out on a guy who's never once said he's planning to hold till the end of time.
alright retards, tomorrow is the big day
watching my rkt shares in pre-market
gme afternoon pajama party megathread
they saved $6 billion by halting trade yesterday
proof of a bet i made. i didn't know how else to flair this, so "meme." mods, please don't ban me. this is safe for work.
predicting the future, an accurate look at my week ahead
deepfuckingvalue calling out wall st. bets on gamestop six months ago
the hedgies fight dirty
wsb in a nutshell
citadel reloaded their shorts before they told robinhood to stop trading $gme
vlad apologizing to retail investors
about 2.1 million gamestop shares failed-to-deliver on jan. 26 before falling to 138,179 on jan. 29, the day after robinhood and other brokerages began restricting trading in so-called meme stocks.
why father burry is calling the big short 2.0 - i have translated his message into a language you autists may, with effort, be able to understand. three words: inflation.
im not settling for a home run. we want a grand slam out of the park baby!
i said i would so i did. long live the reee market i love y'all
roadmap of gme - we are almost there.
mom, dad, wife, wife's boyfriend all telling me to sell. holding fast. 
why are they even trying?
planet gme (i made this when we couldn't post videos but now we can post videos)
ouchie wouchie there goes my accountie wountie
diamonds all around!!
we did it! we made it on snl! we fucking did it. to snl, and then the moon! hold. i know theyre making fun of us, but its a comedy show so dont get butthurt. we like the stock.
wallstreetbets state of the subreddit
absolutely not a cat on the way to the moon 
if this is true, then it goes deeper than we thought.
the gamestop and other "meme stocks" bounce is coming as reddit traders "hold the line" - business insider
how there is no mathematical way shorts we're covered for jan 13th, 22nd, or 25th with gme's 69.75 million outstanding shares
earnings for the coming week, if anyone actually gives a shit?
we should be compiling links of sources claiming wsb is for silver
is this how one yolos? $200k on 400 x $800 march 19th gme calls
the largest robinhood stock trading group on facebook just got zucked and deleted
hello melvin. bye melvin. 
theory: gamestop was in the process of going bankrupt, jp morgan, goldman sachs and melvin were in the process of profiting from inside information obtained from gme real estate division.
recognize the fact that the entire market is bleeding red and yet gme has barely even budged from $120. now that, is diamond hands 
gme super awesome megathread weds 2/3
things to remember on monday if you hold gme stock
forbes describes gme investment as "hyper-rational" and "based on highly accurate calculations of specific outcomes" with a high degree of certainty
your favourite porn star mia khalifa is buying nokia
ok i might be a little retarded.
gme - possibility of gamma squeeze just went through the roof
gme discussion thread for february 01, 2021
people who get permabanned if they dont do certain things as they promised when gme hits certain prices
stock also can go up 20% in 10 minutes!   
u/dfv testifies before congress (2021 - colorized)
"out" am i? not by a long shot
waking up and checking the market the past 2 days:
$gme we've only just begun.....mods, please stop deleting my shit
yall came back for me
message delivered!
cramer is working hard to take down videos of his admission to securities manipulating in a 2006 interview
please pay respect to r/deepfuckingvalue and where it all started. the myth, the legend, the visionary, the is that a bird or a plane ? its the motherfukin d, oh double g
let's get one thing clear
soon may the tendieman come
which one of you retards is on the brink of divorce by tossing all of your money into stonks?
paid a benjamin forward to the first employee opening gamestop today.
hmmm....
everyone on this sub now - btw buy more gme 
tomorrow is game day: here is a list of where to buy gme. (do not transfer if you own elsewhere. just hold) keep those 
puny hedgefund
+1100% on tlry calls. i used to be retarded but now i'm retarded and able to pay off my car loan
live look at the market this morning
never buy the stocks that the people on cnbc tell you to buy
diamond hands, diamond bags baby.
when you are caught with your pants down....
are we allowed to post gme gain porn now? $620 -> $111,000
surprise surprise. i'm not selling a damn thing. the longer this goes on the more people exposed.  
the big long: explained
amc to open 35 more movie theaters across illinois friday
bought $18k right before close  the irish autists are with ye
i run a public company. short sellers attacked us years ago. heres why i stand with reddits wallstreetbets.
my m o n k e s loves this bread
ode to deepfuckingvalue
i got nothing to offer but time and support for y'all. so i made this movie poster-style shit.
bought 52@250. $9.8k down. still in. who's still with me 
"what's an exit strategy?" -dfv
dont be scared of premarket. we are being manipulated real hard, the volume is tiny so the shorts can easily drop it dramatically with orders like these.
i think we can all agree this man can not be beat. neither can his humor. we like the stonk.
gme liquidy is drying up - causing the share to become more and more volatile
we saw an opportunity and took it
mayweather sending his support!   
you are witnessing hedge funds panic! dont sell
the statue of financial liberty
who's ready for gme round 2?
not the hero we deserved, but the hero we needed. 
robinhoods new commercial had the nerve to say invest in my game (fuck these guys)
when you claim to be the hero of retail investors but youre really a villain.....
tradezero defended our right to buy stonks!!! rh excuse is bs.
cnbc trying to understand wsb lol
saw my name on the biggest gme holders list, thought i'd give you an update
here we go again...
read this if you expected a huge gamma squeeze today after close above $320
this sub just bailed out two multi billion dollar companies on its own. think about that. amc secured $300,000,000.00 in new liquidity from the recent reddit fallout, american airline received $1.3 billion.
just got my diamond handed autist!!!
dr. burry just tweeted this 
the oldest hustle on wall street is not buy low and sell high. its sell high and buy it back when the company is broke. which is easy as you collapse the stock. where was sec when shareholders were crushed by short sellers by hedge funds. let them all go bust.
linus buys $50k of shares: 
the anatomy of a short escalator omega overflow attack - why gmes real price is $2,147,483,737
i used to work @ merrill. here's what likely happened today with robinhood and what it means for short-squeezing investors
as if the damage hasnt already been done
me discovering wallstreetbets...
i randomly met one of you retards in real life yesterday.
rush limbaugh is going to the moon
robinhood are closing positions without consent and at extremely undervalued prices, this is an outright violation of our rights
gme volume still low with positive cmf which means retards keep holding
why this weekend is important.... (repost)
gme holders on 2/9
sorry for the shitty screenshot but thanks for the help paying off my student loans this year! biggest 2020 plays were gnus, logi, nio, and then hst and raytheon calls on vaccine news
gme float 177%. apes with the bloomberg terminal please keep us updated with the numbers. 
diamond hands and diamond arms.  (not mine, but a friend's.)
make sure you have enough sunglasses for tomorrow 
beware weekend scare tactics
live footage of gme on january 28th, 2021
sold all my apple and bought more in gme
this is how we true retards react to the hedgie bots' spam
monkeys unite
the moment the prophecy was laid upon us retards!
anyone else suspicious about all of these beta ass weed memes?
hedge funds using bots on wsb to try and find the next big stock
amc to the moon spotted
wsb is the way. made 1.2m since joining wsb. lost 800k prior to wsb. i was lost. now i am found. 
if this isn't raw talent, then i don't know what is  bought gme at $493 when its 52wk high was $483 if i can hodl, so can u 
the volume of gme has plummeted the past few days. buying and holding is working 
used $46,000 of my dental school loc to buy more gme.
wsb headquarters
listen to me: we cannot trust the short interest numbers this week.
i love you wsb, its fucking lambo time tomorrow 
sooo ive never watched congress do anything for 5 hours, and im amazed...
gme megathread for mon 2/8
i'm 23 and started investing in gme 4 months ago because i like the stock!
this why you don't sell
gme  proud to fight beside each and everyone of you!
why we're still winning, and why we're still going to the moon. [reassurance dd]
theyre fucking scared. we got em boys.
wsb gonna give it to ya
there are debts to pay, u/noah_b_dee and u/praxxxiis. proof or ban.
$800 -> $10,800 tlry
there is someone selling a gamestop sign near me. problem is he says no holds, so im out!
important! gme short attack tactics predicted in 2014! all the tactics used in the recent week by hedge funds revealed and explained
we are in uncharted waters, fellas. and frankly, this water is pretty disgusting.
yolod $275k yesterday before close. wsb, i stand with you 
my doctor wishes us retards the best of luck
bloomburg today
t-minus 1 hr until the gates open.
soon may the tendie man cone
introducing: wall street pallbearers
$327 gme on the close. a small win for us retards across wsb. come monday we will be dancing even if we don't know how to.
really long dd and analysis! what happened yesterday explained in detail and exposing the hfs obvious manipulation.
rkt vs gme retards listen up
the ceo of interactive brokers just said live on cnbc they banned trading to protect themselves, middle men, and brokers. he said nothing about average, every day investors.
me and the boys dumping our retirement savings into gme at the peak
steve cohen deleted his twitter and now mets fans are tweaking balls  hold
gme megathread for monday, february 22nd, 2021
wsb saved my brother's life! after being wounded in iraq, and severe ptsd, a purpose and hope made all the difference! thank you!
   courage for our paper hands!    (pt.1)
saving private wooooog. i'm still down here in the nyse trenches with a $700k loss. the hedge funds blew off my legs, but at least i still have my diamond hands. y'all still coming for me right?
if this was over, they wouldnt be telling you its over. they wouldnt care.
got high on weed stonks and forgot to sell the top...
wsb, reddit, united we stand as one 
gme gain porn. ~$35k to $400k in a week. sold at $450. back in at $71 avg
what im doing with my gme tendies
someone said my 8k gain would be gone by the end of the month. i told him id earn 50k to prove him wrong. i did it. $300 to 68k in less than a month.
i wrote this rap which disses melvin capital in honor of gme. i present yung quant - gme. we like the stock!
nice.
gamestop's cfo is resigning as the company attempts a 'transformation' led by activist investor ryan cohen
$gme to the 
if i can hold through this loss, so can you! hold hold hold 
450k loss in 4 days - a new personal record!
buisness is boomin
i am once again asking for your twitter support
monday is coming, stimmy is coming, gme is coming
the highest conviction trade of all time
round two is coming boys, even if its one share, hold.
gme & amc  don't let go, it's not time yet 
now that videos are back, i convinced my band to studio record a gme-themed cover of immigrant song
my response to these hedge funds while i'm sitting in my $10 chair in my dive bar.
all the same game, nok bb gme amc chart correlation
hold you beautiful super saiyan monkeys
gme 2/9
will the real short interest please stand up
return
elon 
yesterdays discussion: gang weed takes over
last night with the bois 
morning millionaires, here is your special coffee  gme 
what a douche.... we just like the stock!
my official statement regarding reddit
my boyfriend and his girlfriend made this for you
saw this on my way. retards are everywhere
big dick gains
today's s3 data "update" smells fishy
$tsla gang rise up
reddit, were causing things to happen
game stonk 2 monday 
cramer confusion on gme 
no tendies for valentines
aussie here supporting the cause! gme and bb with another $10k ready for market open.  strong together!
will we finally be able to see vlad and dfv in the same room?
just another texan who likes the stock. gme 
popeyes has us with tendies!!!  
this had to hurt. cnbc shout out to roaring kitty.
$gme eminem rap
cnn back. off. this is a lie. literally a 5 second scroll of our board would inform this to be untrue. educate yourselves!!!!!
the only gme news we need, hold.
my emotionally exhausted ass by the end of this part 1
buddy of mine who used to play for the other guys.
the industry players again gme
looks like i picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!
the house didn't let us trade, and now we will burn the house to the ground
planet gamestonk
how a short/gamma squeeze on tilray is causing the entire cannabis market to moon and how to avoid becoming a bag holder when this all comes crashing down
down 790k today. diamond. fucking. hands. to the moon guys to the fucking moon.
this autistic f*** saying we use nasty language
if true, this would make a lot of sense about robin hood blocking some of your trades.
a word of caution from me, the guy who made $4million on gme... and yes, i'm still holding a lot. 
$69,420 per share of gme is just the right amount to bankrupt wall street
the tendieman rap remix - video with lyrics
you guys know what this means... we send reddit to the fucking moon!!! 
wall street guy here - i've got your back
 holding $gme be like
im 19 years old and just bought 5,400 more $gme. lets get to $5k!
short stock doesn't have an expiration date
heres to all the karens in the world. gme 20k to 1.35 million.
spotted in auckland, new zealand. #diamondhands.
explanation for noobs who don't quite understand what's going on...
high def diamond hands
hold strong! we will prevail!
watch me remake $gme's logo in 5 seconds
after the squeeze has been squoze. stay strong, you diamond handed $gme apes.
open letter to the brokers, just close the short positions.
watching my portfolio this week 
cnbc needs to be boycotted
keep some money away for taxes
watch cuomo crucify robinhood ceo vlad
squeeze on gme: double down (part 1, sound on)
last month when gme was around $40, i commented if it $100, i'd donate $500 to charity. while congress plays footsie with melvin and robinhood, retail gives back to the community. we're really ruining society, right cnb(oomer)c?!
don't shoot the messenger 3rd stimmy approved !
$gme battle speech from the movie bravehands, 2021
decided to sell my other stocks and put ~90k into gme this morning. figured i'd help get us to the moon, or die trying.
leading by example!
all aboard!! please keep your arms and legs inside the ship at all times
#boycottrobinhood: don't let thu&fri be forgotten
i want to talk about u/deepfuckingvalue
listen up, when elizabeth warren says on live national tv that shes looking forward to talking to the robinhood ceo in a hearing for the committee she chairs, you fucking hold
please read: i work at fidelity investments in the margin department... horror stories of the shitshow that is robinhood, told by someone who is reviewing & processing your acats - part 1
michael san nicolas was the first time i've seen anyone mention (between reddit, msm, and the hearing) how vlad directly benefited from the price of gme not going up and eventually reversing: minimizing equity dilution when rh had to raise funding to meet capital requirements.
in honor of the man dfv and all you retards!
gme megathread part 2 for friday, february 26th, 2021
war continues. gme and amc are back hold
last week's episode, on wall street bets
waited till i cashed out to post
what are your moves tomorrow, february 01, 2021
$gme squad - tommorow the dark stonk rises
another shark on our side
squazozzle update 3/3: ape didn't get on rocket that crashed. ape still on mothership headed to pluto. 
to everybody who bought and is holding 
even my wife's boyfriend divorced me
$tlry $apha calls since 1/5/2021 got me to over $500k today. still think it has much upside 
venice beach california. we flying to the moon!!! 
wsb control room
when you realize deepfuckingvalues would rather have $18,781.87 in awards from his gme posts than securing a $50,000,000 bag
literally free money! applied mathematics to build an indestructible portfolio
congressional hearings / dfv / gme / etc megathread
our hero: deepfuckingvalue
retard strength
u/deepfuckingvalue $gme account balance - manually input from his updates, minus a few dates for better clarity
r/wsb is literally going down in history for exposing how hedge funds create instability in financial markets. imagine getting owned by retards 
gme documentary - the story so far.
hodl
dont be scared by the drop in $bb $gme etc. hedge funds trade after hours to scare yall off... keep buying and holding 
proof of my 400 shares just purchased
hold you tards. were close  $gme
im the guy who threw all of the wedding fund into gme. wedding is free now!
i heard you fellas like 3d printed diamond hands, so i painted mine.
the evolution of the trash icon  we hold 
the tendieman has answered our prayers
daily discussion thread for january 29, 2021
most traded stocks in europe at degiro (broker)
wsb buying that dip...
these numbers show we are holding strong! im not sure if this has been posted already but apparently the amount we sold last week wasnt even a fraction of the shares the hf need to cover
people who panic sold yesterday watching gme this morning
amc short squeeze is absolutely possible to and here is why
hold on boys the next hour and a half will be a while ride
brethren beware! lots of media outlets publishing tall tales about the next gme, wanting to fomo you into other stocks that are sure to fly to the moon, etc. dont fall for that snake oil, theyre trying to fk you out of your gme shares! hold 
do you see what happens melvin!?
still holdin
naked shorting in gme and how the pieces suddenly fit together
 he is our leader  
suck elons c*** (he just loves memes like us retards)
deepfuckingvalue is still in and has a message for you. do you want to go out with a whimper or ride with the valkyries to valhalla ?
a few things i am not: i am not a cat
the biggest risk we face (and why it's nothing to worry about for now)
@sec just a heads up to maybe do your fucking job. look at fidelity buy/sell ratio today, rh volume (even worse ah) and they want us to believe the price actually dropped by 100%. put them in jail and give us our fair share of tendies already.
i'm the guy who lost 250k on luckin coffee last year and ended up on yahoo finance and marketwatch. i'm still here and more retarded than ever
fidelity users, beware!
$bb when the market opens
made u fuckers some $gme music 
here's which tickers were mentioned the most in discussion yesterday
i'm not fucking leaving... 
wsb. the factory of dreams and moons.
here you go you dicks. still holding gme like a proud monkey.
diamond hands spongebob teaches paper hands patrick to hold gme 
wall street is out of bullets.
no bitch only you restricted trading . this is from the robinhood daily email.
hi, i'm back. you may remember me from such events as gambling away 7 million dollars.
however this ends.... we live in the greatest timeline!
yesterdays discussion: gme nearly dethroned by gang weed
joker pays melvin a visit before $gme hits $1000
we like this stock (ut)
awaken, ape warriors! the squeeze has not been squoze.
who is still buying and holding amc? 
welcome... to gme park
gme and amc are on sale
when we prove everyone wrong
fidelity and vanguard!! transfer your money now if you're stuck in rh. they've combined $9.3 trillion in aum! they own 21.1% of gme collectively! switch over now 
gonna tell my kids this was the first time man went to the moon
we got this! 
wsb vs ws
gme megathread for 4 february
ready to see hedgefund ceos cry on cnbc tomorrow?
decided to trade options for the first time today to learn. somehow both my put and call made money and i learned nothing
pee-wee herman is not selling! gme 
everyone getting their fair share is just a bullshit concept. says it all.... true colours of these guys & their mentality.
23 years old, just graduated college and could be debt free if i sold. but i want to be debt free, and rich. lick my nuts gabe.
actual footage of me hopping on any stock.
here's some gain porn for you assholes. bought for years on the dip but i diamond  handed  this bitch and it finally paid off.
"short sellers are down 609 million in monday's trading alone"
to ape gang: why sentiment has turned against you
why gamestop and ryan cohen will win. [dd] no diamond hands required.
hold it.
cnbc's play by play of wsb comments is so meta
an ape on the edge
to every  who said the preview was faked: fuck you and melvin too (minneapolis, mn)
the mass exodus from robinhood and effect on fidelity
diamond hands
"the plastics" of wsb and gme.
the stockmarket crash soon will be blamed on us i guarantee it
i think somethings wrong with my account, im not recognizing this weird color.
gamestop stock is flying again. the transformation is on the way.
we are all brothers retards...buy & hold
how to trigger short squeeze 2.0
wall street right now
"we got 'em on the ropes!"
gme - endgame part 6: the big reset, or the greatest financial crime of the century - and how to play gme going forward
its working!  ! melvin capital lost 53% in january, hurt by gamestop and other short bets
i got a sign from above....all the dd i needed.
top tier journalism on full display
im still in.
what could be worse than a giant short squeeze? [audio in comments]
its not worth it.
mark cuban on cnbc: wall street cannot stop the beast they have unleashed. they slowed them down, temporarily, but theyll never stop reddit.
boomers when millennials are winning in the market
we're not the bad guys. bad guys are the ones who would crash the market rather than taking the loss. their plan.
evidence of a short ladder attack.
melvin crapital, shitadel and robbing hood...im coming after your mansions, yachts, private jets, rolls royces, rolex watches, artwork and the rest of your money. im going to donate $$$ to charity and live a modest life...
chamath palihapitiya for president
mark cuban saying buy and hold no matter how low 
ever since this epic ass shit with gme happened, ive lost my favorite sub.
2008 all over again retards, except this time it's gonna be us the ones opening the champagne and donating our tendies to all those in need.
all in tomorrow. the collusion on the other side is absurd to point where true lessons need to be taught to these people.
only 800$... lol 69420.69$ on the moment of launch, bitch!
confirmed: author behind oscar-winning "the social network" proposes future wsb book & movie; rights are promptly claimed by fucking mgm
holding , holding, holding, i keep holding on!
$44k to $1.7m gains in $tsla options
for everyone that just joined because of $gme and dont know wtf is going on
we. will. not. sell.
front page of the australian financial review. turns out the editor is one of us and cant spell (or is there a short squeeze on something called gamespot as well?). ps h o l d to the moon 
pre-ordering a yacht cause gme about to be squozed   
not financial advise
deepfuckingvalues pay day
all nations are with gme.  we are fighting all together! hold until 
sec justifying their decision to ignore blatant market manipulation, and investigate retail investors
daily discussion thread part 6 for january 28, 2021
melvin: omg were losing so much money. hey robinhood, can you give us a hand? robinhood: hold my beer.
dont buy into the panic. hold the line
they want to stop our game! can't stop  won't stop  gamestop 
i love dfv too, but we need to tone down the simping
yolod $25k worth of gme options betting it hits $800 this week. payout of $1.7m+
the hearing recap
i feel like clorox did during the pandemic
anyone else get this stuck in their head after the feb 18 hearing mentioned "recess?"
i think its time to formally introduce myself to the crew. a while back i was trading telsa stock options and was up 40k from 8k. now i'm negative 16k and only got 35$. am i officially a wsb retard now
apes 
whatever happens - fucking hold
a few lines about gme (please read)
f*ck it. i'm in.
just bought for 16k dollars. am i stupid or smart?
in our hearts forever.
buy high, sell never  
the gentlemans time has expired
i like how they put buying panics boomers are scared stay strong apes! 
because many of you dont understand trade regulation and law.
wsb on red days
someone claiming to be from business insider reached out to me in regards to the king u/deepfuckingvalue. i hope i did good.
fortune cookie says don't stop.
gme to the moon boiz! lets get it!
mods keep deleting, $6969 donation to my local center for people experiencing homelessness. ty gme
tendieman is coming! hodl! is the only way to dem tendies
fuck it im in 
fat dip - wsb cover song
how come no one is talking about the duplicate charts of gme / amc today? this was completely coordinated every dip and every peak lined up perfectly
dd is always in the comments- why cfo jim bells departure is a great thing for gamestop
keep your shit together retards. my autist ass could have made 500k last week but seeing the camaraderie i held. you better have my back too
footage from citadel emergency meeting last night
d day is in 8 hours
gme yolo/fomo my second mortgage! i will not sell!!!
why clean energy is still the high iq play in 2021. solar, hydrogen, nuclear. dd inside.
hell yea
not much but i just liquidated my entire 8 years 60k rrsp and yolo on ge with you guys.
cnbc is finally starting to get it
dont get fooled by bloomberg articles this week! buy and hold with those diamond hands! 
russian disrupters? well fuck you too, kimmel! gme  we'll show you disruption!!
i put 5k in $gme at $33, could have pulled for $113k but fuck these hedge funds. sticking it to wall street > gainz
amc & gme tickers looking identical again. what a surprise...
we like the stock  
no words for how much this disgusts me
most anticipated earnings releases for the week beginning february 8th, 2021
wise words from our favorite meme stonk analyst 
i dont think we are done with her yet... 
professional guide for all you autists on how to deal with your losses!
we got regulators on our side too!
gme billboard in denver at i-270/i-76 intersection (drone shot by /u/rdenauto)
i think dfv likes this stock
ass, cum, and ssr megathread for march 5th, 2021
i can't trust $rkt, it's just too suspicious with all the positive news articles about it
will meade on $gme
weve come this far retards, all paper hands are gone and only  remain here at the gme saga, keep hodling the line @gme/amc, next stop the the moon .
it is mathematically impossible that gme shorts were covered: some simple math for simple gamblers
portland or apes strong! also apes no read/spell good.
daily discussion thread part 5 for january 28, 2021
hold
10k worth of gme as promised boys
proof that gme is not a sell off but short attacks
hardcore loss porn: lost half a million on gme. don't yolo what you can't afford to lose retards.
heres the thing to remember when you hear shit like but lots of people are gonna lose money on $gme!: the market makers survive by cannibalizing small traders every. fucking. day.
gamestop making move hold retards!
i like rkt. $1.7m all-in, lets gooo 
kjetill stjerne is da real mvp, he & his friends are spending $640m to demolish the gme short attacks
i yolod my life savings into gme and amc close to their peak.
the last minute of trading amc yesterday.
why this is just a beginning: a guide for the gme gang newcomers and a quick recap of the situation
casually threw a year's salary into gamestop
this is why you buy the dip, fa**ts! (yeah, i know it unrealized, thank the fuck you!)
apes together strong
message from a retarded mom
wsb is officially 4 millions monkeys at keyboards, and we are starting to produce shakespeare
back for round 2 retards. 30k yolo, up 309k at close.
meme short...coming very soon...
there's an andy in all of us
as a month-long gme holder, this is how i feel
gme analyst ratings
300 investors strong!
candles got me like
dads life savings starting to look like foodstamps instead of retiring on a yacht, sorry dad
ohhhhh, were halfway there...
inside the room of a /wsb autist
gme total shares owned is 145m+ according to finra. that's more than 2.2x the available shares issued by gme.
germany is still in this - we'll all meet on mars brothers 
to the media fear mongers warning that retail investors will tank the market
don't get caught paper handing this week!
gme is the only stock in the world that matters
roblox to begin trading on march 10th
wall street, eh?
steve cohen deletes his twitter. he has been squoze from social media, now we squeeze him off gme 
gme explained via smash ultimate
in the wake of the congressional hearings, financial reporters reach out to some r/wsb users to better understand the community:
trying to short squeeze silver is a bad idea
if you are a teacher or nyc government whose retirement fund is going to get wiped because of melvin capital, wsb can help
aoc demands probe after robinhood app banned gamestop purchases
gme 2/11
why robinhood's $3bil margin call was not a "1 in 3.5 trillion" event, and should have been expected
this will age well.
warren presses citadel ceo griffin about relationship with robinhood, payment for order flow
stop fighting over amc and gme, both are battlefronts vs vampires
finra data now shows over 67 million gme short volume over the past 3 days. shorts represented 57% of all volume for the past 5 days straight! 
short-sellers lost $818 mln. yesterday - ortex. source: reuters
"retail investors have every right to buy a stock and put their money where they want" - drivewealth founder and ceo
i want everyone to know that gme does not have to stay above 320 today
our weaponized autism is turning wall street upside down . expect our discussions to be very closely monitored.
me training my diamonds hands for gme
amc is looking good. new york city movie theaters to reopen at 25 percent capacity
guys im sorry i panicked and bought more
this is bob! bob is buying gme.
avatar: the last holder
loss porn. $91k to $18k in 1 week. went all in on gme. still holding the line with these diamond hands. ape together strong
mark cuban ama at 9:30 am cst, tuesday 2/1/2021
 robinhood slims restricted list to 8 stocks, but users can still only buy 1 share of gamestop - make sure you have other brokers 
my cat likes the stock
remember- gee em ee is only where it is because of blatant market manipulation.
the ratio of short volume to total volume confirms the gme sell-off over the last few days is shorting, not real selling. gme 
+$7,000 - after hours on 57 shares @ $60 my dad passed away 02/19/20 - promised him i'd  through 2/19/21 good luck my fellow retards
we made it. the whole world is watching
retail investors care more for the success of american businesses than wall street
retards this week that have been holding at $300/share
when someone starts asking real questions
has gme peaked?
why gme is still in the game to trigger moass (must-read bullet points)
$gme launch !! we going to space on monday!!!
i am shocked that paper handing is going on in this sub
where are my fellow diamond hands? down over 2 mil from gme's peak last week. still holding and adding to my position.
how 75% of gme shares are still shorted. s3 is wrong.
gme long. dfv had it right on the fundamentals in market context and still has it right.
gme short fee up 1500%!
gamemile
what are your moves tomorrow, january 28, 2021 part ii
its not time to sell, just relax, take it easy
robinhood needed emergency $1 billion cash injection, but was too embarrassed to admit it
rocket maaaaaaan 
we're backed by a secret rich dude who apparently countered the short ladder attack on friday
deepfuckingvalue just tweeted! hold the fucking line!!!!
i am going to buy gamestop. all of it. (don't upvote this, it's mostly to reference later)
made it couple of weeks ago...still relevant 
overwatch 2  the big squeeze 2
the current state of wallstreetbets
thinking of doing weekly wsb discussion recaps in this format, let me know if you have any feedback or suggestions
the god of tendies
data-driven dd: i analyzed 265,000 rows of sec short fails-to-deliver data so you don't have to! (extremely important data for counterfeit stock theories)
update on my 5-year trading returns (yes i'm holding)
first of many lawsuits i hope  out of this bullshit!!!! #downwiththehood
justin sun has increased his purchase to $10m
my brother is a graduating senior studying finance at a big 10 school with a 3.7gpa. he laughed his ass off when i told him i was buying in. holding strong, boys.
trying to talk about amc here
mom supports us!! 
japan still has your back - bought more gme at open, and now diamond hands till we land! i love this stock!
7 million members strong by the time this hits front page. congrats apes.
hedge funds are losing billions and we couldn't care less. hold!
apes in control
zacks just upgraded bb. price target $29
despite gme, let's not forget the incredible run tesla had...
we won, dont fall into the psychological warefare
daily discussion thread for february 01, 2021
making memes is fun
gme high of $403 today according to nasdaq
gme discussion thread for february 01, 2021 - part 2, electric boogaloo
3 days?! are you for real?!
tomorrow is a big day
my gme shares this week
the kitty of wall street bets  [oc]  please appreciate this took me forever 
i dont know what im doing.
i made this for all of you degenerates that have given me so much the last few weeks
 what's an exit strategy? 
diamond f*cking hands. been holding at -80% for 4 years, and in the last 3 days, ive made my initial investment 3 times over.
this one got me lol for real
this is the way
wallstreetbets meet & greet
webull dont let them loan your shares! turn off share lending
800% rkt gains straight into gme shares
what i do with my gme shares
william gavin on wsb "the retailers are vulnerable"
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of january 29, 2021
i wanted to participate in this (money isnt my goal, i'm good when it comes to that) so i got me a little 3400 shares at 100$ unit price ill be sharing profit and loss "porn" as you guys call it & i'm eager to know y'all and i hope you have room for a european wsb intern 
we need the same outrage over ladder attacks as we had over robinhood limiting purchases 
stockmarket smackdown
who's shorting this with me  fuck vlad
don't sell until $69,420
they saved 6 billion dollars by halting buys and coordinating a short ladder yesterday. do not forget this. a slap on the wrist later probably will not nearly touch this
should robinhood founders but charged with securities fraud for the actions that they did today?
i spent way too much time on this for ya'll, too valhalla brothers 
 wallstreetbets is, in fact, one of my guilty pleasures on reddit. - reddit boss
gme urgent re-education - unify, clarify, focus and execute
wtf is jim trying to say? or is he just drunk.
yet another short ladder attack to start the day off 
the company with $63 trillion of assets that robinhood ceo vlad "doesn't really know the details of" and the $gme scandal
we like the mods.
dfv starts testimony *dusty screen*
in for 1050 gme shares!      
more support. apes together strong. 
is it safe to post gme gain porn now?
why buying amc helps save a beloved american company on top of unleashing a devastating squeeze on hedge funds.
the gladiator - wsb edition 
first image from the perseverance rover
update: $stonks talking to me today
i made this for the first squeeze but never posted, let's squeeze this again
don't be this guy - a glimpse into the future
apes together strong. mclarens or foodstamps 
were about to takeoff retards, yes yes, amc is also with us!  destination: tendie land
gamestop stock worth $359 million 'failed to deliver' following frenzied short-squeeze
petition to ban any post hinting at a collective hive mind
mods, can we take this place back to its roots?
even the smallest shareholder can change the course of the future - part 2
good luck today felow apes
mods please make sure wsb's culture remains intact
texas fifth-grader makes $3,200 off gamestop shares bought for $6 in 2019
helpful news from robinhood
my portfolio for the whole time ive had it. and yes, thats me, very objectively a very fucken retard. hold my banana and watch this!
salute to all $gme soldiers out there!
stop. attaching. yourselves. to. dates.
dtcc confirms they waived additional margin requirements to all brokers prior to the opening bell on jan 28th
jim cramer is out for blood!
elon's spittin' facts alongside meme master general
founder claiming wsb kicked him out because mods are "white supremacists". profiteering shills don't speak for us. stop the slander.
gme and amc short interest data
why gme dipped yesterday and why holding the line matters more than ever.
boomer here. ive joined every peasants revolt since 1381. nothing new under the sun, except this time we will win! to the moon!
doing my part. if he is still in, then im still in
we all know what happens when gme breaks the 150 mark today. and it will!
gme short squeeze: act ii
all new people to wsb, please watch out for this. people asking for a share. i know were retarded, but please dont fall for this shit.
then we shall trade in the shade.
give them no respect.
im 19 years old. single and active duty military. i thought i had missed out when it spiked back in late january. so when i saw it in the 40s i hesitated buying some, then i said fuck it, whats the worst that can happen. best decision ive made. 
gme reeee consolidation zone 2/10
imagine the irony when this happens
just bought $1mm worth of $gme. my profits from years of trading. lets stick it to the hfs!  strong together.  
forbes article: wtf?? am i a predator??? no. i'm a momma bear who just wants to provide for her kids, and splurge on herself once in a while. is that too much to ask????
daily discussion thread for january 29, 2021 - pt. ii
pirates of the wall-streetibbean
to the moon!
tonights si report
this house committee on financial services hearing is clear evidence of how the average age of congressmembers needs to start trending younger.
shoot for the moooooooonnnn!

gave $100 for every $100k i lost on gme to st judes !
daily discussion thread for january 29, 2021 - part threeeeee
you get what you f**king deserve! upvote!
$rkt - ceo forcing shorts to pay for their own squeeze by 3/9
citadel ceo: 'we had no role in robinhoods decision to limit trading in gamestop'
gme crew: we got no food, no jobs, our pets heads are falling off, but the moon is near.
fellow apes, retards and degenerate gamblers - please don't $rope - 8002738255
hey mark cuban !!!!
yeah right! we know who your masters are!
congrats to those who weathered the storm today in $gme.
does dfv believe the squeeze is squoze?
hold the line, yall. nice pre market
broke college student, bought gme at 360 dollars but averaged down and went all in (20k+) at 45-50 dollars. are you proud of me dad? before and after picture.
my theory and dd on the future of $sndl
heyyeyaaeyaaaeyaeyaa - gme to the moon!!
amc and gme are following exact same patterns. do not flinch.
stonk wars, episode ii: the hedge funds strike back  today we ride the $gme  all the way to yavin 4  hold the line
robin the hood
made this a few weeks ago when everyone was in the dumps. it's a little long but then again so is our gme position.
we were the best advertising for robinhood. we need to end that now
i shopped at gamestop today and it blew my mind.
done. fck rh
listen brothers, dont sell.
my diversified portfolio
gme may have the potential to dictate the course of the entire market. i did some research & analysis.
i don't think gme is over and i'm a pessimist
shorters shitting themselves
chamath palihapitiya - dd- snake oil salesman
hold me... $1,100,000 loss
we love the stock. but apparently that's causing markets to behave like weapons of mass destruction. good thing we're on the moon.
something i noticed people have confused about dfv and wsb.
a rational (and bullish) take on the current state of gme gang
fyi: all the new members who think wsb is a protest against wall street and that we hate greedy hedge funds, should know we made this guy an honorary mod knowing full-well who he was and what he did
if you're a real , you'll go short on $usd here's how
how we all bouta look tomorrow morning after burning hedge funds to the ground
you're unironically retarded if you're still using robinhood
stop selling retards
fuck you paper handed pussies hahaha
autists together strong
i am not selling, and neither are you fuck the moon, we're going to jupiter  down with fucking wall street  i'm holding until the squeeze  (disclosure: not financial advice)
tlry gain porn: 1.18k to 25.3k (2100% roi) sold all at open
i spent many hours writing and recording a hamilton gme parody for you. another redditor spent many hours mixing the song. do not let our work be in vain. listen up and rally until gme goes to the moon!
please read!!!! (gme) why the dip is good!!!!
'this is real'  mark cuban says reddit traders won't go away just because they lost money
a friendly reminder to bang (bb, amc, nok, gme) gang
burry is catching on, keep talking about the blatant collusion between hedge funds. they wont get away with it this time.
i'm not fucking leaving!
senators in the gamestop committee who have received contributions from ken griffin and vlad tenev
you stupid fucks are going to get us regulated
here's an update on which tickers were mentioned the most in discussion yesterday
popeyes is with us!!! 
psa: mama kelli, chewy vet, just started her new job today and will be overhauling gamestops customer service
stuff for new traders (no gme discussion)
if anyone wants the market to stop falling, just let me know, and i'll buy a put on spy
we need a mass exodus from robinhood. #deleterobinhood
history was made today
oh shit even kids have diamond hands!!!
who is the retard, really?
nothing on earth could come between them...
i ain't selling 
don't buy silver! it's a hedge fund scam!
robinhood's ceo, vlad tenev, had to give up shares of robinhood in order to meet capital requirements
wealthsimple is the goat, didn't block $gme or $amc, wsb got my full support from canada
we. want. our. tendies
positivity is back! 
hang in there
i made a summary of yesterday's gme hearing, but only with vlad thanking for the question
updated: feel the squeeze
hedges gonna git sum
this is an actual joke at this point right? wsb talks about pltr for months and months but even a powerful crystal ball couldnt have foreseen this???
i am just mad.
psa to newer members of wsb.
dfvs willy wonka tweet
greb talks tendieman, citron, robinhood, dfv & more
hold don"t fold 
give them nothing, but take from them... everything
this is just market manipulation
this isnt over!!! ny times just confirmed that big hedge funds are still exposed (at least they were on tuesday)! we need this to spread like wildfire!
the most valuable stock youll ever own is your own brain. dont ruin it with a gambling addiction.
randy holds the line
with over 7 million subs who all love this stock wsb could own the entire gme float with an average of 6 shares! please read and share if you love this stock
gme investing is similar to making a move on your crush  be careful with your timing.
boys this is it. this is the time to rebound and beat those sons of bitches. now that we can trade we can buy and thats how we win by buying. the more we buy the more we drive up the price and make money. we need to hold, but we need to accumulate and buy! buy or fucking die
fired the last of my ammo yesterday. total pos: 3550 shares 
wichita kansas billboard  $gme
me omy to buy more shares @ market open
ape hold
reminder: retail investors dont have the power to create 140% short interest!
found a way to get 160x leverage from charles schwab. borrowed 14k with 85 dollars to purchase gme calls
i think they just made us more mad. how many of you are buying as soon as it opens back up?
$bang (bb, amc, nok, gme) options volume analysis
totally worth it
300k in shares. another 10k in fds. gme gang 
the story of the apes [part 1]
all of reddit is holding with us! thank you to the other communities holding the line! diamond hands!!
hollywood already eyeing movie about r/wallstreetbets, gamestop
do you realize what today means?
the squeeze shall squoze later than you hope, sooner than you fear, and right when you least expect it. 
 rip
if gme gain porn is cool again, then i'll share mine. $3.1m in 19 days.
$950k buy order waiting to get filled!
first week of february
at the doctor's today
ny times on our gme run: "propelled by a mix of greed and boredom..."
the gme redemption
the line is being held!
wallstreetbets redditors buy billboard on times square, say they won't sell - yes, we wont sell 
no sell, no top. it doesn't matter what anyone else says... $gme $amc
i might make 150usd a month but i'm holding gme!! tiny reinforcement from asia and a story of how unfair things have been for me and others.
the short squeeze has not begun.
5k is not a joke, 10k is not a joke 
fake news!
wondering where to set your sell limit for gme? worried about missing the squeeze? please read.
weekly stock market news | goog / amzn / pins / sq / pypl / cost & other stock market news [02-08]
people all over the galaxy are rising up 
to all of you apes that consider buying into gme but hesitate because you want to find the perfect entry point
jim cramer of his shady days as a hedge fund manager
the slv b.s. today showed what they want us autists to do- scatter. ape together strong...not financial advice. i like the stock
rep. vargas is our guy! robinhood, robbing the poor...
$gme weed stocks & celery stalks. a beautiful thing indeed
take a break
the truth is here in this subreddit - the short squeeze hasn't happened
that feeling when you make more in a day than your total annual salary...as an engineer. i worked my ass off for four years in college so i could work my ass off every day to make this much over an entire year...don't have words to describe, except i fuckkin love wsb
dfv vs melvin and robinhood live
me and the bois when the printer goes brrrrr
$nok
"just keep holding"
support coming in from europe. today i bought 30 gme (9300 dollars) at 305 and so should you! to the moon boys
"$gme maturity date on 2021 bonds is coming in less than 2 weeks. these are the bonds that og gme bulls suspected short sellers tried timing their strategy on & placed huge gambles on these bonds defaulting...3/15 will be a day to celebrate"
short ladder attack explained
fidelity has no problem taking our gamestop buys, they're the highest shareholders of gme making the most tendies of us all!
daily discussion thread part 7 for january 28, 2021
daily discussion thread for february 02, 2021: part 2
17 years old, 217 tickets to the moon 
lmao which one of you retards placed a market order for $amc and got filled at fucking $17
it's only a loss if you sell! stop crying. reach down there and act like you got a pair you damn dirty apes! 
the next wall street barrier: the weekend cool down  #keepsqueezing amc gme nok bb 
this is really hurting me, haven't slept in days, it's going to fucking suck when i crack my head open crashing into the fucking moon.
this week is crucial. stay strong apes   
technicals show gme is going much higher. analysis on volume, macd, and short availability. 
the anatomy of a coming disaster.
miami beach right now
when they ask if i'm selling my shares of gme today
marc cuban says even if you lost $ on gme have patience 
fellas i am sorry
hey sndl gang. you are more than welcome to come back 
just bought $30k more at $100. previous average cost was $338! 
gme is a meme stock
gme take my energy!!! get shorty
im in for more lets go boys  $gme
round 2 here we go
yes dave!!! get them scumbags
who's tryna join my new analytics company?
former pltr engineer dd part #2: usability, deployabilty, scalability, & submersibility + my lockup plan
someone finally has our back! california is asking for a real investigation into its homegrown company robinhood
is amc blowing up or am i tripping? goddamn i like this stock 
 the 300 million retards 
we just put $165k+ into it. we're a small nz based company, we're with you at https://verum.nz
gme  to the  again!! (numbers simulated to show  rotation)
theyre not surrendering. we like the stonks ! we like the stonks. we will make them pay, we will teach them a lesson. hold your position boiiiiiiii im here with you. its not about money, we make they pay for 2008.
gme please read
robinhood gme share limit increased to 500 tomorrow
michael burry sold all of his $gme before the dfv insanity happened
for diamond hands only 
to the moon!
squazozzle update 3/2: attn apes, altitude +2,400%, please do not unfasten seatbelts to look behind at other rockets. escape velocity achieved. 
give me back my bike
the silver short squeeze is glaringly obvious to anyone paying attention to the data, the evidence is overwhelming, just take a look for yourself, pslv
the wallstreetbets moderators should ban any screenshots of robinhood going forward. robinhood has benefitted tremendously from this sub only to screw it at every opportunity.
finnish autist here. yolo'd all savings and student loan. 
we ready to go to the moon boys?!? monday rally ready for liftoff 
these billionaires are not our friends
we like the lawyer show him some positivity
when people ask me when i'm selling
don't sell at a loss. (some advice on fundamentals for new traders)
welcome back king
this will fly to the moon fellow diamond hands
no one is surprised but the 
the financial times are attempting to link wsb with the alt-right. do not let the mainstream media villainise our community and push this narrative.
palihapitiya chamath dumps his entire spce stake (sec link as proof, not fake news) don't attack me!
melvin capital coffin dance
let the people trade!
at the age of 15 i made 250,000 from 3000 then held through the dip stay strong my fellow apes
short squeezing for dummies 
gme to the moon   apes togheter strong!
after this is all done...
$3m loss....got a call yesterday to say that a margin call that wouldn't be due until next wednesday was escalated to needing to be taken care of by eod yesterday...
microvision yolo update! i really like this stock! perfect justification for buy and hold.
when you see gme green you know it's gonna take you to the moon 
been holding in japan/south korea. let's go to the mooooooooonnnn
when in doubt zoom out
where did all the retards go?
"who needs d.d. when you got the magic 8 ball." this was a video of my dad on the night of jan 13th.
no more short ladder attacks
update on the 300 crew - the world will know
cnbc, loss porn his kind of a big deal here.
seems like a no brainer to me. $200,000 order waiting for tomorrow morning 7:00am pre market.
my gme was down $50k but is now up$30k. thanks, melvin, gabe, vlad and kenneth!!!!
infinite money glitch, again
$gme $700 price target by former goldman sachs pm: hes been on our side since august
they rlly thought we would sell??? 
how citadel rosebuds retail
representing wsb, did i make you proud?
trigger happy mods deleting posts
daily discussion thread for february 03, 2021
some really loss porn. 182k to 30k. no words. still holding.
gme is the oasis in the valley of death
the response i sent to robinhood after they emailed me to explain why they had to take action on certain stocks.
why $gme is gonna rise.
gamestop congressional hearings - part 2
gme short interest may be over >100% - the question appears not if it is over-shorted, but which >100% it may be
michael burry: "there won't be another like [gme]."  
donating some of my tendies to brad sherman for this epic line of questioning!
gamestop shows predatory ways of wall street, waters says
am i a retard or is this completely irresponsible? disclosure, i hold gme and bb. robinhood is letting you piss 50k+ in options but only $300~ in actual stocks, how is this "protecting the investor?"
all hail our supreme autist u/adioking, they single-handedly stopped the hedgecunts from flash crashing the stock. pay him respect
i 3d printed the wsb mascot - copper hands today, diamond hands tomorrow  (3d model by u/chaoscoretech)
what are your moves tomorrow, february 25, 2021
gme could very well be the largest company in the world tomorrow.
gme dd: huge squeeze potential. options analysis, part ii
psychedelics, psyk, cmps, mmed, your guide to new horizons
yall are a bunch of hypocrites.
gme gains. started with $4,500 in november, >1.5 mil in february.
we should expect the price to go sideways for a while. don't lose hope.
dfv, the true diamond hands 
important: spread your fucking limits out. i have people against whats going on texting me saying they can see the limits and are devising short strategy around them
spot the differences
er release next week - wsb style  
i said i would put $100k in options yesterday and was called out for proof. i lied, its $119k 
not every play is a short squeeze play    
have they turned us into a crash machine?
this is our secret...
paying for heart surgeries of 2 children from around the world as my way of giving back from my $gme gains. 
my blip campaign was - approved. coming to 7 major highways in orlando on monday!
i will own gamestop update - feb 22
i live in a car, and i'm  to the moon.
what are your moves today, february 01, 2021
with gme lifting off my broker has added this warning..... gme is soo hot right now
it is mathematically impossible that gme shorts were covered: some simple math for simple gamblers
biggest roku bull - yolo option trading $500,000 to $18,000,000 and counting!
how i feel buying more gme.
went through a heartbreak and yolod into gme. shell see me in my lambo soon 
did we?
thursday morning the entire market was on the brink of another financial crisis.
if holding is getting a bit stressful, here's some bubble wrap you can pop:
the market but it's minecraft 
$100 is not the end. hodl and finish this fight, chief 
a little late, but just a quick reminder
melvin planted stories about their feb performance
down $10mm and still holding . bought 750 more shares today.
robinhood has been sued! others to follow!!!
found out where we're going 
mark cuban is a retard!
amc bought more on the dip if amc gets to 16$ eow ill get half sleeve tattoo amc themed. promises will be kept
153 we love to see it
$5k -> $200k || $gme is going to bring me to $1 million !!! 
$rkt on cnbc already, gratz guys you can sell now
wallstreetbets' rocket to the moon
$gme has what i need.
don't panic and just look at the fucking volume
melvin be like 
wsj. melvin now down 50% for the month. $3b from citadel vapourized
the money pit
it is inevitable
down $100k but just bought more gme! im not selling until $15k, whos with me?
$270k in $pltr, roughly half my nw. er tomorrow, lets fucking go .
fuck you guys. i'm officially done with life
front page of the ft. big congrats to u/deepfuckingvalue. im really starting to like this stock. the fundamentals look great and i even heard the rocket hasnt even let our atmosphere. 
if i went to prison for insider trading, why should robinhood et al. get away with the same thing?
hurry up and buy!!!!!   
[oc] this is how boomers invest
gmetards vs. the hedge funds - buy n hodl
 amd $105k yolo 
wall st takeover pt 2
$gme. with every passing day we are seeing the sentiment switching more and more towards the buy side. a quote from one of my favourites books keeps popping back in my mind
the real dd on slv, the worlds biggest short squeeze is possible and we can make history
i may only have 2 shares, but melvin isn't getting them for any less than 100k. don't sell yourself short. hold 
schwab and td ameritrade now have a 300% margin requirement for gme shorts!
#gme #amc 
the $130 resistance barrier was completely left in the dust today. the $140 barrier? smashed through it with minimal volume. while the $150 barrier held strong today, yesterday's close became our new floor. violent price swings with minimal volume - gme is only getting started bois!
to the man who posted the rkt dd yesterday, i dropped all my savings into it at open. i just buy what you guys tell me to, money has no meaning. thanks though!
gme is back!!! ground control to major tom!!! 
dfv mentioned in an article in the biggest economics newspaper in switzerland. what a boss!!!!
welcome to gamestop
robinhood: a tale of the darkside
make this a reality! buy buy buy
300k on pltr! momma aint raise no bitch!
paper handed gme last month at a loss (290 avg, sold @93). fidelity wants me to revise my strategy  
it's all a coordinated, corrupt, anti-retail scam and always has been. delete robinhood
in spokane, wa
cleared $2 million cashed out from an 80k(ish) investment of 6400 shares. 
silver scam! theres no silver squeeze!
i think gme shares are priceless. gme at this moment cannot fail because we are willing to buy its products no matter what. please read this and let me explain...
gme vp, marketing: "starting a hiring frenzy in 2021. this one is currently recruiting and more to come."
am i doing this right? 200 shares at $40 a piece. 
blackberry is not a meme stock
this is the way
$gme infinity war update from the front lines - belligerents, casualties, bystanders, fronts - big day today
wsb and gme blowing melvin to shreds (no, not that kind of blowing)
youre god damn right we going 
in a nutshell
finra data now shows over 58 million gme stocks are shorted - ~107% of float & 84% of total. this is up from 37% yesterday! 
a reminder to keep holding fellows, don't let life changing money get away for a near term profit.
a m c yolo update  feb 24, 2021
this is the way
who's ready for an amazing week!!!! weekends are so boring now.
my 5000 shares of gme briefly pushed me past $5 millions nw. still holding,  brothers.
i will be buying $gme shares tomorrow with the intent to hold them forever, and i hope you do to.
the only tendies im eating because im holding gme until i die!!!
psychological warfare prep
*market opens*
why an slv squeeze will 100% not work.
i put 20k gain from $rkt options straight into $gme 
heres the revive we needed boys hold 
billionaires were literally crying on national tv last week. they are fucked.
many of you have been easily manipulated, take a good look at what's happening around you
i know everyone is feeling down about the red, but please listen to this example. this is the prisoner's dilemma.
$vff gain porn; 7k to 100k and ready for more 
my response to fox business asking for an interview. mods remove my prison tat, i've been a good boy!
our state reps actually do have our interests at heart regarding the hf evildoers. here's a response from mine. we can make change.
the current situation
robinhood app hit with class action suit after trying to shut down gamestop uprising
 we just like the stock 
borrowed 31k from my 401k and 10k from parents. turned on margin and maxed it out on gme shares. whos retarded now - update
good news for market 
ive deciphered ryan cohens tweet
i like the stock, and "i'd appreciate it if you'd eased up off my back about it"
petition to remove robinhood from app store
when you hold $gme from $40, the feels
short sellers may have doubled down on gme since the big rally to $300+. here's a list of evidence that brought me to that conclusion:
german journalists call on twitter to buy gamestop shares. not as speculation, but for the time being as a participation fee for a political demonstration.
 last time gme tanked to 112 we zipped back up to 300s in minutes! what is stopping us from continuing the push? 
always remember to turn off data sharing on robinhood. for your privacy.. in settings.
am i in valhalla?
they're blaming the gamestop surge on a sock puppet now!
holding gme till hedge funds bleed out
still holding! if you are panicking, remember you arent alone and selling at this point is pointless and dumbest thing to do! i keep holding amc & gme
$gme endgame - game theory & best scenarios
hold boys we going for a mil 
love all nationalities who buys and hold #gme
the stock
us against the world
nok vent thread. nokle heads get the hell in here. we need to talk. 
buying another 588 tomorrow, let's squeeze these fuckers 
nyse gme correction of 60230 shares on the buy side. this is whats pushing the price up after hours.
*snap*
you sons of bitches, im in.
a message for wall street at friday's close.
so let me get this straight: redditors rallying gamestop is market manipulation, but hedge fund billionaires shorting a stock is just an investment strategy?
famed charging bull sculptor arturo di modica dies at 80  pour one out for our guy today
hey whoever told me no one was gonna buy these from me and gave me advice on delta theta and what ever bullshit, u have any more advice i can do the exact opposite of? it made me a killing. thank you.
even the smallest shareholder can change the course of the future - part 1
something isn't right.
the big short squeeze ending scene
options greeks and why gme far otm calls are counter productive
the weed rally has nothing to do with gme
were back boys!! amc is finally open 
wsb traffic growth: what going viral looks like
all i can do is sit here with my 
meet my portfolio
do not believe the hedgies when they say they've closed their positions. first half of january, short float % actually increased! we won't have a clear picture of what happened last friday till the new numbers are released on feb 9. who wants to bet the short float numbers go even higher?
$zom ($2.55) - zomedica corp is about to skyrocketing and only a few are realizing it.
happy valentine's day
too many gain posts lately, here's some loss porn. still holding! 
the resurrection
look ma' a new all time record !
tsla might not be sub-600 for long
wsb vs bears
guys it's fucking over, no hope left, no chance, it's done it's done, hedge funds always win, lost my whole life savings
how my opinions have changed about dave portnoy. i bet he took a fat check to encourage paper hands to fold early. unfollow 
gme is not over 
expectations for tomorrow
keep your eyes on the volume behind the movement
recap for today... gme
still holding! fly with me retards! 
$gme tendies, thanks to everyone making this possible. 1400 shares still holding.
to the moon or to the homeless shelter baby gme
boomer hfs trying to tell us to sell gme
bought 250 gme @ $312, who's still holding with me!!!!!  
boston showing up and showing out
only 85.000 shares available for short $gme!
25 questions id like to see answered during the next house meeting about gme
a wsb-hyped stock as soon as i buy it
shorts are literally running out of bullets.
well, he did it boiz
just keep holding!
the saga continues... rest and re-energise
reminder to take a break every now and then
wsb discussion yesterday
webull has taken a stance against brokerages siding with the institutions and has resumed trading of gme and amc.
up +$438k today. gme pilot cohen picked up all the $100$200 apes. plenty of seats left to rescue the $200$350 bag holding retards next  fuck me i love this stock. 
big gains will only matter when you have good financial health
yolod my 401k into gme last week, 500 shares @ $300.00... still holding and still believe in the moass  
i came back from the depths of hell with these 
couldnt buy any $gme as robinhood and others blocked and limited sales this week. contacted some smooth brain friends over in japan and we shared what funds we had to get some $gme. this is to stick it to the hedge funds, melvin, citadel, and robinhood. diamond hands!    to the moon  
lost half million in the gme short battle and over $150,000 in ev. hardcore porn loss 
the tendie heist
daily discussion thread part 4 for january 28, 2021
to anyone worrying, and i mean really worrying about amc or gme, heres some motivation.
three new gamestop exec's hired! including an engineering lead from aws! 
gotta work on my timing..
jokes on them. red is my favorite color
i don't post here often but my curiosity has teeming to know what's in store
our darkest hour...
how to quickly identify if youre a  : they hold during the fucking dip! gme the moon! dont let disinformation scare you! fueling in progress 
bb  were in this together boys, hold to the moon! 
let's see it to the end...
if enough degenerates contact investor relations..
autist rich asian: ape bought $10m of gme near its peak ($8m loss)

elon musk grills robinhood ceo on trade restrictions
please spread this post everywhere! we are still holding and fighting together against disgusting hedges!! please don't forget why we are here since the beginning. we made it till here and we will push it further!!
in the end they will drown (in debt).
gamestop is eb games here in canada  and this place is always busy! holy shit hahaha whoever shorted this is an idiot
good thing im a retarted ape  hold the line
gamestop appoints chief technology officer | gamestop corp.
dont blow this...
gme $14 4/16c 4k ==> 122k ==> 
wsb ama - live now
its been a huge run up look at this shit - dfv/rk $gme $amc
$gme: retard road
$gme price target 
payment is due u/bearcat9948
losses on short positions in u.s. firms top $70 billion - ortex data
started with $800 (check my post history). im holding til its either 1 million or 0. 
prayer thread  for tuesday, february 23rd, 2021
   optimize your stimmy , $gme gamma squeeze calculator update
never been so happy about a 50% loss, and never cared less. idgaf if u all drive gme back to $3, my kids are inheriting these 60 shares as a keepsake, and a badge of fucking honor. its principal for me.
upcoming week 2/19 geee em eeee itm options targets: playing the market fuckery... pt. 2...
you apes really came back for me  these bags are gonna be full of tendies when we rescue our $500 brothers
my only strategy which yielded me 500% returns in 2020!
not. fucking. selling! gme amc who's with me?
thank you mod team you glorious retards
just a reminder
support your company by buying their goods! gme bb amc nok
vlad doesnt want the word criminal associated with him or his wife left him. either way, im here for it.
$10,000,000 or die trying
mark cuban said to hold so we hold!!! 
hiding shorts by etf's?
sold all my tesla, for gme near high on wednesday. i'll lose it all before i sell. f*ck paying debt, mortagages, and bills, i'm all in!
wsb when we finally sell $gme for $4000 next week
after a decade of corporate exploitation and insane overtime, i crashed hard from burnout. i spend 6 months on sick leave battling exhaustion, anxiety, and depression. thank to you retards, i might be able to start my own business. and yes, i am exercising that last contract and holding! 
well robinhood, i don't know how many tendies the funds paid you, but for your sake it better have been at least a 20pc mcnuggets
this is why you use a real broker and pay $.65 in commission, you're getting so fucked and paying even more than that with robinhood
we dropped to $120 yesterday on $gme, this dip is nothing, hold
todays price drop was 100% artificial
i am financially ruined (agricultural blackberry futures)
we asians from korea are now joining you in your journey! death to all hedgefund managers! amc to the moon~~~
filing a lawsuit against robinhood
the legend of gme.
amc, cinemark reopening select bay area theaters this friday 
said i would donate back in december and never got around to it, had gains and losses, so here we are. :)
france is part of the fight   f*ck the stupid silver  were going for diamonds !
it's simple - they want what you have. do not give it to them. hold on for dear life until next week and don't fall for false flags. 10k+ here we come.
$gme is so much more than just sticking it to wall street. it's more than just the money. it's us standing up for our right to a free market and us refusing to play by different rules just because we don't have the money. and because we like the stock   _ 
amc has reached 69% gains today aps. the squeeze is imminent holllllldddd
goldman and interactive brokers execs claim wallstreetbets trend could 'take down the system' --- the meida is trying to scare the public into not buying stocks while hedge funds are busy trying to bankrupt companies.
germany  is on your side to cover your sexy asses! let's do it  
wsb when they buy calls on cannabis stocks
listen to what she says about march
found a noble warrior holding the line. hold!!!! 
why gme could go on to break all records 
notice how silver stopped trending in the news as soon as gme took a dive. you can't make this shit up.
the house meeting on gamestop is the most viewed video on their youtube channel
never sell your gme. its your baby. mama didnt raise no bitch.  only. your dedication will take us to the moon.
their attacks are also psychological, they don't just want you to give up hope, they want you to have hope and then crush it.
sndl this week!
just liquidated more boomer stonks in my roth ira to add $30k extra fresh powder into $gme and yes, i'm still holding all my other shares  
wsb right now... x1000
robinhood announces you can no longer open gme/amc positions for friday. 
canadian here. just yolod my entire tfsa in gme - 220 shares. if we get to 5k, i'm going to get a diamond hands tattoo on my arm.
$gme $bb and $amc when asked if you should buy
if you want to know when to sell, read this.
(safe for work) an open letter to cnbc and its contributors: through either ignorance or bad faith, you are getting this wrong.
jfk knew!!! 
urgent - be on guard for them to flash crash gme at 3:59 to lower the price
damn gme is a hell of a ride, trying to use the remainder of my account to soften the blow, i think this hit probably damaged my ears or something because i still didnt hear no bell
regarding the removal of /u/zjz and other moderators
we're back bitches!  unbanned and still holding gme 
leeeeaving on a rocket ship
how gme is going to the moon(yes, it's still possible) (crucial pls read)
i know what i'm doing with my money. i didn't take from teachers and firefighters... you did cnbc 
i am just one of these apes, not a financial advisor
updated data: they were only able to clear to 121%...the squeeze is on the fucking menu still without a doubt
someone explain how we aren't being misled into looking at hedge funds and brokerages to keep the spotlight off the dtcc
donated some tendies so our kids can be less retarded than us
reuters: dfv is expected to appear before massachusetts regulators later this week.
dkruta draw this for all of us! may dfv give tendies to all! lets go 
someone is playing with our bananas.
is this how i buy silver?   
etoro has been an absolute clusterfuck lately. be warned, put your money elsewhere.
holding until zero or moon - grabbing more shares monday. see you in valhalla
aussie girl down $28k usd, still holding 
who's going to fold first? not us. 
billboard coming to tyler, tx soon
look, we're being reasonable here...  (demands)
dddd - why gme might  next week, and how it could trigger a financial crisis
how i feel buying another 15 gme shares after a hater called me dumb for holding
everyone's posting about their gains but what to do when you're down on your amc, besides hold? head out in heavy snow (because my truck is awesome) to buy out a tamale vendor with a local good guy and drop then off at local free food fridges in unshoveled chicago alleys. 
50k life savings loss. 2020 was a bad year. discovered options and f@*#ed up one of the greatest rebounds of all time but i guess i managed. thanks dfv and gme gang!!
robinhood i hope you read this.
forbes article now reveals the truth about gme redditors
welcome to the casino
feel good post, dont cry.
gme: the big squeeze (2021) coming soon to amc theaters 
up the hill we go!  braintree, ma
gme possible upcoming catalysts
you apes actually came back for us. proud of you all
here's a summary of wsb discussion in january. "promoter ratio" is a new metric i'm using to track where discussion comes from. higher values indicate a tighter, more active group of users talking about a given ticker.
i like the stock. 
it's simple: we buy jim cramer
riot update
on this date in 1637, the infamous tulip bubble burst abruptly ending the year of speculative market growth
can you imagine the buy volume today if trading wasn't restricted? happy weekend. moon monday awaits.
please hold on gme
my almost paper handed bitch moment
to all of you who lost 80% on gme. this one's for you.
gme diamond hands up!!!   together
my bruddas , i missed you brudda , we must go to the moon to save the queen 
this for everyone trying to say we were just a bunch of gross internet bros; that smile alone made it worth it.
breaking: blackrock is in amc! something big is cooking! let's buy and hold!!! 
our king holds? we hold
please share this around! today is a critical day! (copied and pasted)
patience retards, buy the fire sale
roku. $50,000 to $700,000. holding for $1,000,000.
calm the fuck down. whatever you do and whatever the fuck is going on - hold youre shit!  
taking a dip on the way to the moon 
this is for america, this is for the blue collars, this is for working america 
bought the first 3 stocks i saw here when i joined.
gme: the simple unbiased and objective answer.
discussion so far this morning: gme retains the lead in mentions
i accidentally bought an option. what do these numbers mean?
just turned 21 and ive got  which will turn me into a millionaire this year 
can i draw some attention to how hard this sub has been hooking reddit up too? ya love to see it.
am i doing it right?    
upcoming earnings for the week of february 22nd, 2021
it was inevitable that a video game stock would be the catalyst to change the way investing works forever.
$800k in short term trades totaled for the year just to lose 10k . if your 1099s dont scream casino gtfo
if you are holding gme and are worried about the temporary price fluctuations, just unplug yourself from the internet, eat, sleep well, go take a short trip, play some video games and just enjoy life. come back online to check the price in a month. lo and behold. your portfolio will be on the moon.
bought 1 gme, it ain't much but it's honest work!
wallstreetbets is the real robinhood
daily discussion thread for february 25, 2021
thinking of throwing a milly into $gme to stand against the suits and ws!!!
i like this stock so much that this is going to replace the framed picture of my wife and her boyfriend on my desk
anyone with fomo (fear of missing out), please read
im not fucking leaving 
even lil baby buying the drip on pltr 
you guys are paper handing $gme because you haven't seen the squoze yet and are worried the company is worth nothing
lets prove everyone wrong and overcome everything apes are invincible together
$gme $amc current stock analysis
fintel's constantly changing stats for amc
what are your moves tomorrow, february 11, 2021
doesnt look too bad... havent eaten since last week. pls help.
wsb when reddit trys to ban us
trshavn - faroe islands
a deep-dive on the actual math behind gamma squeezes
$bb dd thread: why this retard believes the fair market value for $bb is $45. obligatory 
i hear the short sellers are from iran?
i love this community... but we need to talk.
gme made them use 'mostly tumble' instead of just 'tumble'
the sec interrogates r/wallstreetbets (2021, colorized)
#delivertheshares needs to be trending, sec needs to enforce their own laws and make sure shorters are covering.
we have a really big problem flying around conserning gme
just sharing news about this because i know it was one caught up in the hype. this was released this morning. may not be everyone's interest but to those who just "like the stock" i'm just sharing. thanks.
raising yield bonds, gme, and why the hedge funds are finished
the millions of new degenerates who were just introduced to investing by gme and are here for guidance will soon flood the entire stock market 
wsb newbies after this week (updated)
after watching uncle bruce's video on $gme, i decided to move my position from $amc to $gme. yolo!
i got inspired by all these charity posts. thanks to everyone donating to food banks, hospitals, and charities, spread the love!
gme gamma squeeze, 7+ million shares left to hedge 
actual footage of the precise moment when the bears failed to take down the market and got it in the gay balls instead
today we rise together - for wsb's universal spirit bomb!!!
i heard i can post this here for some free karma
kanye has joined. holddd
preparing for the possibility of a 1/29 squeeze - the importance of a solid sell wall, holding the line, and avoiding prisoners' dilemma cascading sell offs.
how the hedges hoped this would go...
bang (bb, amc, nok, gme) donation megathread
im fuk bear. which hole fuk.
hold you retards.. im trying to retire over here
were back baby
short story of todays market action... its fine... im fine... everything is fine... 
gme yolo from $70k -> $1m. 2,700 shares, held for 2 months. two commas feels good 
fidelity is helping to make sure robin hood gets fucked.
i think i found a way to predict dips with nasdaq psx and finra volume, or maybe i really am autistic
selling my car to buy 
robinhood is total fucking garbage. stop using it.
what "unsophisticated" investors are capable of. 
i was becoming hesitant about holding past $500 but after the dirty play they pulled today, i'm holding till $10,000!!!
careful with the silver posts, most of these posts come from accounts created in the last couple days!
whatch out apes - telegram wsb group sis pushing for slv to distract from gme
gamestop appoints chief technology officer. more reason for those 
lost 25k but still   - who is with me? we ride at dawn!!!
important! melvin and citadel manipulated and organized a fake crash today on low volume and are likely out of their old most dangerous short positions
angry cnn man battles tendies virgin-demon 2021 colorized
i'm happy for you $rkt peeps, but i hope you know where the real squeeze is gonna happen. $gme
if you joined the sub in the past month, please stop telling everyone about "how the sub has fallen"
today the game has changed.
i'm so retarded that i've edited the full 7min video and just now realized i can't upload it here, fml. but gme to the moon!!!!!
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of february 12, 2021
palantir is undervalued and is time for it to finally take off.
i have waited three weeks to make this gif for you retards. 3rd terminator installment
to all of you retards who are still fucking holding and buying even after seeing -80% red, you are the true retards autists and spirit of this sub.
who is ready to short this into the ground?
accidentally yolo'd into tesla p $6 thinking they were $600
all my homies hate robinhood
something big is happening!
$gme, $bb, $nok, $amc option expiry today - very close to being huge
squeeze x (elon reaction)  last call before departure: direction uranus 
google trends: "buy a reddit account" search results have all time high at the same time as gme stock rise
3 important gme messages everyone should be aware of
gme 900 shares. leggo
dfv would still buy gme today between 45 and 48 dollars. video added for proof.
linus smooth brain tips 
hodlers unite
at least something was green today
poetic justice hedge fund losses pay for nintendos for hospital-stricken children in new zealand
keep diamond dicking those suits you beautiful retards  were taking gme out of the galaxy 
get ready for fud (fear uncertainty doubt) campaigns during the week. it's already starting.
gamestonk theory
$amc here we go 
lesson time: gme was short-sale restricted today. here's what that really means.
wsb making news in south korea  check out what they did to the lad 
we're not causing the next crash, we just prevented billionaire-gang mega-short hfs from causing the next one on purpose
rh ceo vladimir tenev: i... i... i admit to always improving
starting to think amc might not go to $420.69
anyone else just fucking hate money? nearly 400k gainz from gme but diamond handed too hard :')
the squeeze dream is real!
you guys are actually understating how royally fucked shorty is.
this is for retail...
expired worthless
proof of a short ladder: all trades that are for fractions of cents are hfts manipulating the price. dont be fooled!
y'all need to let gme happen
$amc gang, were heading all the way (slingshot)- up! germany apes did well and buyed the all the dipps. american apes, make me proud! 
do not sell. why gme is going to $1000 next week!
wsb is here to keep you on track. don't sell!
its as simple as doing nothing.
i gave gamestop employees a valentine's day card as a token of my gratitude
black berry yolo - 22,000 shares and 449 calls
this is video of cramer talking about his time as a short. these are the type of people we are dealing with.
the game within gamestop
some hero busted through the 350 sell wall
unphased im not selling $amc 
i deleted the app when the stock fell to $40 and reinstalled it today to check out my gains
only diamond hands will prevail
wait - stonks don't always go up?
don't let people shame you into buying, selling, or holding your stock
prove i am not a paper handed bitch..... meet ya'll retards at the moon
i am a roblox developer and i know the absolute fucking power it has.
quit my job as soon as 2.5k turned to 40k. everyone doubted me ;)
pain.
just a reminder, these politicians are not our friends and whatever regulations that get made will not benefit us
the clock is ticking for the hedgies
only 47 shares available to short for gme! am i missing something, or is this huge? fintel data.
dont forget to leave this sub after you post your loss porn new gme people
daddy v after the hearing. he's deeply sorry :(
the legend of /u/theemperorofjenks aka ornamental gourds futures guy continues...
i just yolo'd 130 shares at 43,680.00$, i know it's not much but that's a big fraction of my savings right there, and i like the stock so i see no reason to not hold with some stronk diamond hands. to the moooon 
we. are. strong. 
bb gang rise up 
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of february 26, 2021
41@320 only down 10k. holding till it turns to dust or hits the moon 
in for 1.5k shares. lets ride baby 
since round two started ive had a limit in at $200, because at that price i pay off my entire student loans. you guys changed my life, and good luck you bunch of fucking retards
blackberry announces enhancements of blackberry radar to help transportation businesses improve asset utilization and visibility
when you and your friend get together to talk about stonks
addressing gme fud & current situation
you know what they say, always get more aggressive rather than defensive when you start to lose money.
here you fucking go degenerates
guys! the sec just called us true believers!!! . we on 
how many times do we have to teach you old man
all the people who bought at $300 and are still holding
a true story about diamond hands
 market open friday $nok $gme $amc $bb 
elon musk has diamond hands!
you are a retard if you don't buy roblox stocks shortly after they go public on march 10th [$rblx]
what are your moves tomorrow, february 26, 2021
$gme dd part 2: taking a look at the 06/03 calls open interest
scott melker is one of us!
was down 88k thursday, more than half of my life savings. everyone around me told me to sell thinking $gme is over. if i can hold, you can to 
wallstreetbets on tv! ~ stonks! ~
 together we can do anything! gme 
small gains compared to some, but my first big win! $300 to $5.2k - rkt!!!!!
i've always wanted to know what it felt like to make $25k in a day and still be in the red. 500 shares club where you at.
the squeeze is going to be way bigger than before.
in case you needed more proof that the 'silver squeeze' is nonsense
so excited for tomorrow! guys, let's enjoy this ride   (src comment)
my gme chart
amc - let's all go to the movies
who's still holding?
we broke through the $130 gate today. it's been bouncing off that roof all week, but this afternoon's slight volume pickup gave the push needed to breakthrough. this is going to set up for a crazy day tomorrow.
a tale of two screenshots
the whole gme story in one huge twitter thread, please make this go viral
pltr 440k yolo - holding since november and now loaded up on leaps 
if melvin capital exited all their gme positions, whos still holding the 350 million uncovered shares?
to the newcomers who think they are on some kind of crusade
if it makes any of you paper handed fucks feel better, many hedge funds are holding too. do not sell
which of you retards made me almost crash to get this picture on my nashville commute? amc to the moooooon!!11!1!1!1!1!! 
$29k mvis yolo update. my avarage cost was $1.80(12k shares)i sold and bought many times. i sold 40 option contracts for 64k(3000%). i already pulled $40k from rh. now im just going to hold rest(15000 shares and 50 contracts)for bo.
$gme gang in the street vs the sheets
university savings go  game stop stonk go  480 shares @ $101.42
here we go again
on monday, i exercise my calls and buy 400 shares. fuck you melvin. 
you may have seen my comment in dfvs lawsuit, but its a lie. heres a reddit post of mine saying why i picked the stock from 51 days ago, before that comment happened. i just like the stock. 40 shares and holding 
$2,300,000 long - reinforcement is on the way. gme upgraded to $932 usd
educating my country of retards! 
there's losses, and then there's gme losses.
it's never too late to join in and buy more gme! last week i posted my $~17k loss, now i already nearly have gains. i already bought 300 more shares to worth ~$43k today @120! pre-market is crazy right now (+7% already)! btw, i've never bought stock shares before this madness. buy & hodl!
hold to the moon, distance converted to $ makes target $238,900. 
volume the final frontier and why itll help you make money
were back... and ready for war!
if he listens, this will be the best tip he ever receives. (re-post due to privacy concerns)
if gme hits over $250 by next friday i will get wsb logo tattoo as a tramp stamp.
palantir reports revenue growth of 47% for full year 2020, expects q1 2021 revenue growth of 45%
on monday, ill be doing a 5 hour interview with abc for a hulu special on the gme saga. they want to talk about wsb, gme and rh. what should i tell them?
it is going to get worse before it gets better. 
do not transfer your account if moving to a new broker. it can take up to 15 days before you're even able to trade your transferred securities and robinhood will lock your account during that time.
gme - be ready for insane volatility, degens
if justice isnt served when 99.9% of everyone in this country are on the same side, we are f***ed
anytime i admit that i sold.
"we've wired their brains to purchase gamestop and hold" -papa musk 
update on the fomo enter this morning: not selling til $6969.69 - realized the free float is only about 50mil. if each ape in this sub-red hodls avg of 5-10 stocks... magic will happen. 
psa to new traders. taxes are real.
i got bored and compiled the top 62 shorted stocks with their short float and borrowing rates (ie how expensive/hard it is to hold short position) | i even put it in a fucking table
i know tendies are the preferred source of nutrition, but how about some gme cookies?
$gme exit strategy based on market cap of top 10 companies don't be the one that regrets selling too early
newest tweet from the people's hero, dfv  i think the message is pretty clear in this one.
institutional ownership of gme at 205.96%
fuck it, sold all my positions of sq and buying another 37k in more gme opening monday. 
south korean retards have joined the fight. and since these guys clocks is ahead it looks like the future is bright 
the tsunami squeeze
cnbc has not redacted the false and misleading information they put out on melvin capital closing their short position.
the force awakens!
weed stocks brrr
420.69% year to date gains today. i obeyed poppa elon. i outperformed queen cathie. my diamond hands is hot bois. i am king autist. home runs on tsla->tcnnf->penn->pton->jmia. moving some gains to div yield & defensive positions: gbtc, t, sq, gs, mo, riot, axp, tsn #josephwarrenbuffettdirt
i didn't make any money on gme, but i did make this
why i feel a little bad for dfv
fuck it, im in
robinhood just removed all restrictions from gme and amc. like cuban said, its go time boys.
another tard meme [1st time video editing]
declassified footage of gme, circa 1021ad (colorized)
we did it boys, we broke the stock market.
don't waste your time with #silvershortsqueeze
i busted out the weapons grade autism on this one. we like the stock!
don't forget us retards. we fell so you can escape with our wives.
today is the day! restrictions are lifted we have momentum. buy gme
the sub is divided and you're creating a cult.
i am a boring, middle-aged man who has never bought any stock in my 40 years of life. i was inspired by yall and decided to chip in and support yall! i bought 10 shares today. i dont give a shit to losing 1/3 of the value today. together, we, the people, will win this war!!
buy more and hold mf. too the       
congrats on becoming the laughing stocks of the world, shorties.
the economist recognising this sub as a community of degenerates
they want to say we dont know fundamentals? 250% float isnt fundamental
the sec will not do anything about what happened with gamestop. article about citadel in 2017 .
texas 5th grader is  pussy
am i still a bagholder? 
gme squezze dd moon soon (possibly)
how you won: dfv, you, me, and the power of big data 
gme: moving the goal posts.
squazozzle update 2/25: citadelvin tried to scare me 
they wanna fuck with us? the price just went up. now eyeing $10k is not a meme. we are serious.
instead of thinking like gme bag holders, start thinking like gme owners
the future of $gme
$154k into $amc. after this keeps printing i'm buying a 4k projector for my house so i never have to go to the theater again.
why the squeeze has not been squoze
everyone who is still  has been promoted to 
screw with the hedgefunds
collectively weve lost 3.7 trillion dollars in a year. now their is a frenzy to stop us from recouping a few billion!?! #keepsqueezing
sold everything for geeemee. that 'everything' is up 75% atm. you guys come back for others and me right?
brothers and sisters,  spain is with you. this is a war and  are our weapon. we will hold. we will win.
breaking news -amc may recover faster than we think! white house moves up vaccine supply timeline, says u.s. will have enough for every adult by end of may.
hold you ugly apetards!
dear s3
we should buy a super bowl ad (fuck robinhood)
became debt free in one week- too life changing to not paper hand 
for many of us, the sense of community is now more important than ever
aoc turning into dave portnoy 
this assholes gonna come on tv and try to justify himself.  
something dont seem right
lost 84k in robinhood account alone. another 48k lost in schwab. added 40 more shares after hours. i ain't fucking leaving! 
me thinking it's a good idea to buy $gme premarket
 forever! this shall be historic!
how do people not see that chamath is a blatant shill
wsb takes a grand day out 
wsb clown meets gme shorty
the restrictions are starting to lift!
gme smack dab in the beginning of wyckoff phase e, the millionaire making phase...
call your brokerage and demand compensation for todays outage! i got $200+ from tda!
my portofolio this week
mememageddon march 19th - quadruple witching $amc $bb $nok $gme $rkt
remember: today is not the end - keep holding, do not sell today, if you like the stock
$gme is a time bomb and it's highlighting a severe vulnerability in the financial system.
dropped 300k on the dip there's more upside than downside from here! let's go 
to no one's surprise, robinhood will continue its 1 gme share limit tomorrow 
10k into gme for you my family!!!
so youre telling me gamestop is half off today? thank you .
ham radio is the new discord. also my mom said thanks for being my friends
sndl has 1.5 billion shares issued. there is no short interest, this isn't gme. the vast majority of you will be bag holders!
aw you guys are making cramer sad 
this isn't about gme.
gme during the correction
i have proof pltr will moon in the future that hedge funds have no yet considered.
take my strong hand!!! 
fuck elizabeth warren
the lethal stonk (not financial advice)
gme direct correlation: crossing option strike price and immediate followup volume
its fine, i hate money.
attention traders: make sure to remove your sell limit orders if you want gme to moon  the price is going down since people have their shares selling when they hit their sell limit. keep those 
queen cathie adds over 1.5m shares of pltr. says ceo "was speaking our language" with long-term focus. we like the stock!
me dreaming about our fight for gme last night
a note to hedge funds, financial authorities and the media in anticipation of next week
someone knows how to buy dips 420,000
sec hearing highlights in case you missed it
we love our brother u/deepfuckingvalue, but let me tell you about a silent genius named u/tomatotowers. 270,000 shares pre-squeeze, and has not been seen since.
almost 75% of all retail $gme orders were to buy (fidelity). dont buy into the fud 
switzerland is ready for when the gates open! 
have conviction and hold through with grit wsb! sharing my 1000% gains in 1 yr. sending motivation tesla,amc,arkk,arkg 
pltr up 7% premarket. also, the number of wsb comments on a stock relative to gme comments is apparently an analyst metric. 
gme 420.69 pre-market. repeat after me: $1000 is not a meme.
why you should miss the peak and what to do with your tendies
finally, some balance on cnbc -- which has been incredibly biased against us
if you cant beat em, join em.
hedgies looking for their next trade idea
important enough for its own post: robinhood was not the only one that banned gme and should not be the only one to get legal scrutiny thrown at them! list all culprits here.
europoors at it again! all restrictions lifted on rh - usapes don't paper hand this
amyone else holding and unphased by the up and down? 
they act like a prima donna now
hold my bully boys, hold
sold tsla for gme sorry papa musk
someone help please 
hedgefonds will be the villain at gamestop hearing
convinced my wife that we should drop 1k in gme. got in at $320, wanted to sell when it hit $75 because of the sorry state of the sub, she said absolutely not, those are our grandchildrens stocks! we are in our 20s! she has the real 
rkt yolo update - mar 3 2021 - i still like this stock
vlad is no longer cool with david portnoy, founder of barstool sports. guess the mockery's gone under his skin lol
i like amc. here's why...
stop repeating what the media is saying about wsb
what are your moves tomorrow, february 08, 2021
it's a love story, at this point...
what are your moves tomorrow, february 10, 2021
french retard here ! jumped on the train in december, never planning to leave  
gamestop ($gme) hires new c-suite and executive talents (2/3/21)
gme is about more than just money, gme is about sending a message
the germans know a little something about a good blitzkrieg. onward fellow apes
gme: massive increase in gamma squeeze severity if price remains high till eod friday. aka buying and holding is working. keep it up.
kiwi from new zealand - it feels lonely all the way down here sometimes but i'm united with you glorious retards and holding until moon or bust! let's go!
gme: started with 10 shares at $325. now holding 400 @ $127 average and 6 options!  buy the dip 
full autism took over, and decided to sell everything to do a weekly call on mara. well im just back where i started now 
cant wait to delete my robinhood account because how much they suck... and not because i have lost all my money...
stock market 101: you're on your own
why i'll never stop buying gme, and why you probably should
gme megathread iv for january 28th, 2021
you can't spell melvin without e v i l
[gme] were going to the moon monday, thanks joe rogan
michael j burry smells foul play. he is with us!
buy. hold. hold. hold.
hold, my bully boys, hold!
what is happening? how bad can this be?
lets not let our asian brethren down. hold 
if we hold we will win right ?
comprehensive guide about bb and how it shall take off in coming years
disagreeing short interest reports for gme: proof of market manipulation?
hold the line diamond hand gang!! 
charles schwab is hiding a giant ball of shit and won't come out and say what happened. how big is the ball of shit?
what a day! oh, what a lovely day! this is only the beginning! buckle up!!
gme gains! still holding my shares invested 10 thousand into gme calls, sold them and bought shares. still holding
cathie added 1,560,200 shares of pltr to arkw today, you know what that means
$amc to the fucken moon 
welcome back autists, it's time to go to the moon.
biggest redistribution of all time
could psychedelics (psyk) be the next weed?
all of you who are holding gme, prepare your anuses for tomorrow's onslaught (mods please do not delete)
well guys, it's been fun
robinhood opened gme! just bought 20 more shares. already held 70, 90 total now.  
started in january with $3,000. $12,000,000 is the goal for the year. 
oh high there, how we doin?
greatest wsj headline ever! you beautiful degenerates fucking did it!
weed stocks
still holding my gme
amc is opening more stores on friday... this needs to be shown to all the diamond hands out there! get rdy!  
be very very careful using robinhood tomorrow. it is possible they may sabotage the app tomorrow since they are allowing limited buying of the stocks they blocked today. this wouldnt be the first time robinhood crashed at an important time in the market. i wouldnt be surprised if its deliberate.
you people need to understand that you are not waging a war on hedge funds.
wsb rules - please read before posting
1m in puts at 20.00 for tsla???? which one of you did this
serious thing about $gme, you don't understand what's going on here...
hey hedge fund intern spies
charles chad payne to a boomer on the right:ive bought bb in my own account almost a year ago. who cares about your thesis?! who cares about your short fundamentals?! i told you a year ago about bb 5g technology. these people are not stupid.
this is war $gme $bb $nok
i'm not losing hope fuckers.
run amc run.....looking alive
these tactics are as see through as my hands
sons and daughters of reddit
remember last time when we dipped to 120 how scared you were? then we recovered... and you said next time it dropped this low you'd buy the dip.
what a lie! dont believe the media! we are still holding strong! 
what could be better for gme transition to online retailer than a massive story and the loyalty of tens of thousands of redditors having a life changing experience with them?
let the people trade!!! class action filed!
limits are being lifted. now is the time to buy.
here you go, since none of you pussies are posting pltr loss porn
can we please see a repeat of 2 weeks ago?!?!
gme heads to the mountains 
all respect for charles payne at fox business
spce go brrrrrr to the moon 
index fund only investor checking in - i never buy or sell individual securities, but today, i made an exception.
fyi: robinhood will not let you buy gme
ostk - a sleeping giant with deep value
how to lose over 1000% in 24-hours
spotted off the interstate in johnson city, tn! 
attack on tendies: the war for wall street (long but worth)
gme: hedge fund insider reporting
round 2 - the deep fucking finale 
welcome back zjz, the wizard of modz
amc to the moon
elon and melvin right before that fateful tweet
do not give into pessimism -> were too deep to pull our figurative dick out
well done, young lad! well done!
4:20 blazin weed stock thread 2/11
diamond hands today!
i am not a financial advisor or a veteran
(discussion) gme is 140% bittersweet in my book
are they gaslighting us right now?
i got the gains down in aaaaaaaphria , +3000% on the calls so far, never selling...executing them soon as my delta is practically 1
squeeze aside, we've learned a lot.
amc yolo.. bought back in december and haven't sold a single share
gme price target $2,797.70 after short squeeze.
get prepared for a downvote brigade and post/comment removals!
thank you for teaching me about making big money, wallstreetbets.
rant for more fact based, calm and thoughtful behavior regarding gme
whatever happens tomorrow, dedicate! your! yolos! hold!!!
dropped my entire portfolio on it. seeing pre-market made me pre in my pants. gme to heaven. 
hope this explains the gme situation a bit. 
govment just announced they're stepping in to resolve the semi-conductor shortage. crsr held down by shorts. for the smoothbrains that means crsr is about to go 
how you want to get millions if you are not able to lose thousands ? germany holds ! 
the return of dfv
why options will make the squeeze go parabolic
gme to the moon from south east asia @ 518 shares
probably the worst takeaway i have seen on the gamestop situation so far
why $uwmc is most definitely the play
yesterday's discussion: semiconductors surge
$rkt is providing fuel for the gme blast off to pluto
200k pltr yolo.
i aint fucking selling till i see 7 digits  gme to the 
reddit did not invent short ladder attacks
i dont think my strategy of buying at the peak and selling at the bottom is working, also i might just be retarded
college student. bought 1780 shares of $amc at $4.26, all the money i had left from my summer internship, and sold at $19.80. re-entering tomorrow. changing my life. we like this stock
i tried to post this when gme blew past $300 but videos were banned: bane buys gamestop
they see me holdin'. they hatin'. tryin'a catch me sellin' early.
media falsely claims wallstreetbets, gamestop meme stock traders are alt right, incel, gamergate supporters
$apha calls bought on sept. 29 last year. still holding on for 5-digit% return.
just remember whats going on this weekend.
fuck robinhood i know, but for the time being theyre all i got. parents lost their house in the 2008 crash - fuck the suits
you heard the man don't get scared now.
i like my wifes girl friends advice on leverage
amc has a 100% short increase. the squeeze is just beginning!!!
the sheriff of nottingham
one of you retards made the news
repost, $gme squeeze calculator
to the sec guy reading this (serious, heartfelt post to the sec)
shout out to u/jacobtrail for snapping this photo of 1 of 5 billboards i put up in spokane, wa. my previous attempt to put up a billboard in coeur d alene and post falls, id were rejected by the sign owners.
down 9k on gme but im ready for round 2 
$slv broke?
the only two essential apps to download on the app store
pltr 200k yolo. the loss porn you asked for
"buy the ticket, take the ride" my gme tattoo bet now fulfilled plus a quote from hunter thompson that helped me hold 
$bb gonna fly after this
super secret congressional hearings plan....
update: new and improved billboard for times square (thank you for feedback on the last one, open to more feedback on this one)
imagine paying a billionaire to manage your money who can barely make 8% returns
4750 @ 91 
denzel washington once said, if you dont read the newspaper, youre uninformed, if you do read the newspaper, youre misinformed.
we are entering the gme endgame. the eyes of history are looking upon us this fateful day  (full video + sound in comments)
why $amd is gonna blow its load soon 15k yolo
fuck it, i'm in. gme 104 @ 122.94 yesterday. smooth brain apes strong together 
up 91% in past month - no gme
screw robinhood and the sec what in the world is this???
i bought some gme shares at 128 (~154 usd), holding it and just purchased 100 more for 100. i'll keep buying and holding!
some fund is trying to pay a wsber $200k+ to do fd's and they are too retarded to post it here. apply here.
gme holding forever
should keanu reeves play dfv in the movie about gme?
what are your moves tomorrow, february 09, 2021
hedge funds have sent in the cavalry. hold and we'll break their line. this might be scary, but this is a defining moment. keep holding  and we are going to rocket to the edge of the observable universe 
real direct link between robinhood and atleast one hedge fund that lost money short selling
if we cross out the manipulation, there's an ever increasing demand & hold of shares!!   you're doing great!!
crazy rich asian reporting in... 50k in, currently -20%? not even flinching... hold for the 
gme price action dd: making higher lows and turning an ancient resistance into support
entire wsb for the past month (and upcomming month)
y'all need to realize, $800 was not a make or break for gamestop today.
dtcc document posing new rules
amc is up 5.83% in germany in the first hour of trading. rh lifted buying restrictions. mark cuban said that when rh lifted restrictions, itd be the time to show what wsb is made of. buy amc and send it to the moon 
s3 partners claiming there are now less than 30mln shares shorted. on thursday they said 58mln shares are still shorted. volume on friday was 50 mln. do they really think we're gonna believe that 56% of short covered on friday? lmao
make sure you look after yourself this week
they're scared
daddy's dd of the week: $bb
guys micheal burry, alexandria ocasio cortez, dave portnoy, mark cuban, daddy elon musk, mia khalifa, thomas, the sec, the white house, and many others are all watching and most are rooting for us.
this is the r/wallstreetbets subscriber count since dec. we're now more than 4x the size that we were at the beginning, and robinhood just lifted restrictions. if you thought this community had power before, it was nothing compared to its current potential.
finger on the trigger for market open
they want to investigate wsb? the sec are hypocrites and liers that are protecting the rich and powerful
gamestop short sellers are still not surrendering despite nearly $20 billion in losses this month
apes united
i'm doing my part!
they are lying straight to our face. dont believe this garbage.
daily discussion thread for february 11, 2021
half of stimulus will go to stocks
revolut has lifted trading restrictions on gme and amc
  whales to watch: week of 2/16
full moon tonight... full view of the destination 
hf: manipulating the market and making everybody believe that there will be no short squeeze wsb:
gme yolo update: $132,300,000 or bust
a tale of perseverance, courage, and diamond balls. equity at the time of this exchange? $113,000. equity today? over $46mm
if you are wondering what to do with gme, this is what you do.
my emotionally exhausted ass by the end of all this part 2
i like the stock (options).
shitadel in shambles guysss
i didnt sell at $480 what makes them think ill sell at $80!! 
my congressman, david trone, responded to my email about gme and hits all the key issues. get 'em trone! (repost 'cause i'm an ape and submitted an image as a text post)
wsj actively trying to stop people from buying gme. just bought 25 more.
here is an updated list of where you can buy gme. stay strong and hold until melvin closed positions and buys your shares.    (final version)
amc heading to mars next week buckle up everyone!!! 
was up to 180k at gme peak, but i still hodl. ape together strong gme also fuck you robinhood for restricting my daytrading
giving back to gamestop employees... gonna buy my local gamestop lunch tomorrow!
you guys are coming back for me... right?
these were all the stocks that robinhood blocked: $gme $koss $amc $nok $bb $bbby $vir $gnus $aal $nakd
came for a quick buck, stayed for the trench warfare
i will own gamestop update - mar 5, 2021
starting 2022 movie theaters, such as amc, will be able to own streaming services and streaming services such as netflix will be able to own theaters.
***read this - they are screwed - numbers dont lie
spotted above menlo park...
don jr is with us
buy and hold  amc
you fuckers did it! as soon as this news posted, the stock jumped an extra $20. to the moon, baby! 
cathie woods balls are enormously huge
be prepared for a lot of bot posts on here this week telling you to sell!
if the wolf of wallstreet himself is not leaving, im not leaving!
can we get an "actual dd" sticky thread?
forbes on twitter: keith gill i believe that gamestop has the potential to reinvent itself as the ultimate destination for gamers within the rapidly growing $200 billion gaming industry.
the biggest securities fraud in our history
but did you expect anything less from facebook
gonna fuckin boom tomorrow get ready for liftoff boys
down 50% in one night, oh but you thought i was selling? think again 
did robinhood screw you ? did it seem unfair when their ceo said on live tv that they didn't have liquidity issue yet he banned trading in the name of preparedness for liquidity ? why couldn't he work on getting liquidity without banning trading ? here is how to -official- transfer out of rh
meet the degenerates 
what happened with weed you ask?
im up 69% on gme. i like the stock.
what we pulled off was epic! our names shall last through the ages
playing the market fvckery... pt. 3... playing the etf game for gee eeemeeeeeee
a little advice to vanguard and fidelity
warning: possible strategy the hedge funds are doing to recover from losses!
valentines gift 
on the way to the grocery store, found andrew left at his new job
down almost 68k, but all i care is that today was green, im a retard through and through. hold 
gme next shareholder meeting if our lord dfv becomes one of the board directors
gme ryan cohen dd #stillholding #diamondhands #ilikethestock
put it all in gme
apes strong together, you magnificant people we held out! time to go to space
where my palantards who bought the dip at?
33% of the 30 minute price markers on gme since thursday have ended on exact or near exact whole number prices (ending in .00).. this is almost statistically impossible.
the dip is fake. look at how many people are buying compared to selling. relax and hold
ignore the distractions ! remember the mechanics !
dont listen to the noise, keep holding 
another reason to leave robinhood
what are your moves tomorrow, march 03, 2021
market manipulation at its finest. gme and amc with almost the exact same movement
useful dd, particularly if today made you wary
gamestop almost saved the system
dwight schrute owns palantir
squazozzle update 2/26: citadelvin tried so hard today. dfv ain't fuckin' leaving and neither are we! drive it to $40 again, i beg you.
i never thought id see aoc and ted cruz agree on anything. this gives me hope that people will be charged for this.
it's very interesting to see how much targeted effort is being put into buying silver by the media
what are your moves tomorrow, march 01, 2021
dont let them win!!!! bros gather togheter!!!!!
shorts need the shares 
holy shit, 5 trademarks have been filed for wallstreetbets in the last 2 weeks
i just like the stock
best short interest data  squeeze has not begun!!!!! 
im fuk bear more.
this is all the money i saved up in a year working at a shit job, its close to $5,000. i bought at the peak and have no regrets, sick and tired of not being able to make $$$. gme to the moon  here we go again. 
we did it boys! meme to the moon  
bb strong incase anyone was doubting im 120k deep 
this is why you buy the dip, f***ts - part 2 (only regret is not yoloing enough)
literally its so god damn obvious that whos trying to deepthroat melvin capitol and robinhood in this hearing
why i paper handed gme, why i'm buying back in, and why i think all s should follow suit
current take on the gme saga
power to the bag holders!
i know you were apes, but not that retarded
gme  friday $420 calls  give me death or give me 's
why to really buy gme (solid dd)
the hedgehogs are playing with your head
reminder retards: 1k is not the goal for gme, we set the price. 10k a share. we cannot have the hedgefunds survive.
visual: the anatomy of yesterday's gme artificially manipulated price action
what are your moves tomorrow, january 29, 2021
gme loss porn - turning my phone upside down didnt help. sos
gme vs nasdaq performance. think i've found my hedge.
how retail traders (you) were forced to bail out melvin capital shorts
why melvin and the other hfs basically have no chance of winning...imo!
not safe for congress
fuck rh and market manipulation
how reports in the media claiming that reddit wallstreetbets was pushing a silver squeeze started. timeline with links. (btw: it was reuters on january 28th at 12:03pm)
world's largest hedge fund($160b aum) bridgewater founder, ray dalio, says $gme gang is a hate filled rebellion
what are your moves tomorrow, february 12, 2021
millions of ""degenerates""
this is what is about to happen! hold!
this community inspired me to make some wood art. no paper hands! 
gabe slips that squeeze has not squozeth 
cnbc are not your friends, theyre trying to profit off of you
day 2 update. was up to 70k profit at one point. im not fucking selling. tomorrow we buy, or we fucking die!!!!
illegal tactics and dtcc/prime broker complicity in naked shorting & retail shutdown of gee em eee (read ahead of 2/18 gamestop congress hearing) *repost for visibility*
my girlfriend's dom been calling my phone, laughed and hang-up because he cashed out at $450. i may be at loss right now but at least i don't have paper hand like him. i'm selling my 1998 minivan to buy more on monday. 
everyone watching $gme close above $320 friday -- 1/22 $65 closing - 1/29 $325 closing - 2/5 $moon

he said it!! ken griffin said meme stocks!!!
look at that volume! y'all are crushing this. keep holding!
a prophet here, have some news on gme on monday
spotted in austin, texas #dimondhands
gme to 100k or something idk im not a investor, either way im not selling
let's do this
posting this to remember what it feels like being fucked by these hedgefunds. tomorrow we feast.
this is our moment boys! whatever happens we're next making history either way. no matter what happens i'm proud to stand with each and every one of you! we've already changed the world so let's do it again!
every hedge fund in the country right now...
$amc tomorrow gonna be a movie  
paying for a well with gme gains.   . #redistribution
gme: dont shit yourself after one red day
how wall street is working actively against you! #keepsqueezing
i had 69 shares.. i hate to do it and betray the meme number, but i bought another 31 shares. austria holds  
thank you moderators
just got another ~$30k usd of gme for war. do not give in. diamond hands will prosper! 
i am one of the early birds in the $gme game with german hands made out of kruppstahl 
eu says platforms like rh would be illegal in eu due to orderflow payments
if i've learned anything the past month, it's that investing with the boys is always better than investing alone. 
gee em ee short volume is fucking absurd.
gme at least $400 before noon. just entered the game with 70 shares.
apes go strong! buy and hold 
yolod $320,000 buying 10 itm call options this morning - (1000 shares will be exercising monday)
god bless all you apes i love you $amc . im not fucking selling
attack on titans
if you own gme (or amc) you need to file a complaint with the sec....
fucking coward, article: https://www.forbes.com/sites/rachelsandler/2021/01/28/robinhood-ceo-we-made-the-correct-decision-in-restricting-gamestop-trades/
im down 40% this week but i still like the sticker
dfvs den love it
wsb bagholders find some irregularities...
wonder if his bandwidth can handle a few million of my closest friends tuning in?
why this squeeze is good for the economy! putting money back in the hands of the people means a lot more money cycles through the economy! #keepsqueezing  (not advice)
5 stages of grief with $amc
keep holding gme to the moon 
dd about melvin closing their position 
i promised /u/kinguptoke that i would repost this in a week such as this. breakout the loss porn!!!
15 u.s.c.a.  78i - the illegality of short ladder attacks
today's discussion. gme had quite the liftoff in mentions this afternoon.
stilling holding strong boys!!!
deepfuckingvalue's potential picks, courtesy of the wall street journal
110%+ institutional ownership or 110%+ short interest is not anything shady. what it is is incredibly bullish!
i guess we just need to hold according to businessinsider.com
not to fifty!
now what? now you hold and eat crayons
janet yellen our new treasury secretary was paid 800k by citadel..
when the squeeze is over, we need to hold robinhood accountable for their collusion with citadel on manipulating the market by preventing users of their from buying gme shares
the hype isnt dying!!!!
the $rkt is fueled and ready for liftoff!  launches tomorrow 
most genius or retarded play
gme estimated location tomorrow morning
concerns about this sub. a cult-like mentality is starting to form. and its dangerous
wall street plan - trying to psychologically scare you with manipulated big dips and then a small recovery. they want to make you doubt, that the next big dip, you couldve sold at recovery. this has been going on since thursday for gme & amc
real  held 628@275 avg thru the biggest dip in my life.
hold your positions, also amc is not bot propaganda
the greatest market bubble of all time. a full bear counter-thesis.
exercised 1600 shares and made a  bend over for $350k. i liked the options, but i really like the stock. 
the government is actually rooting for the little guy? this is huge.
shoutout to the folks who told me to sell at 10k gain. ill send you a post card from the moon
the one true king has returned! 
have faith in each others, this is not over yet
attention on deck! this is for you new people...
why i think amd is going up a lot soon
a worldwide phenomena - gme
gme taking us to tendie town! 
$10k earlier today. life long truck driver, fuck these hedge fund assholes 
im tired of people saying its okay to sell, we have to respect those who want off this ride. fuckin ride or die, diamond hands baby  
gme gain porn from 4k initial investment 220k profit.
$amc dd (2/1/21-x/x/x)
i will never give up hope
the game plan hasnt changed.
diamond hands 20 years from now
pov: hedgies are on their last stock and you're a dk main
breaking: sec reviewing recent trading volatility amid gamestop frenzy, vows to protect 'retail investors'
google play deletes over 150,000 robinhood app reviews after frustrated users leave one-star ratings
citadel owns amrn. do not short it retards. they need to make money to cover gme short position 
down half a million on gme still holding 
hold your ground, hold $gme
caught someone selling $155 million of gme. the squeeze has not been squoze
daily discussion thread for february 10, 2021
if every wallstreetbets member held 12 shares gme, it'd be the totality of gamestop....................
we have to get an emergency injunction from a court to stop this artificial bottlenecking of volume.
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of march 05, 2021
are you diamond hands? now is the time to fucking prove it
bots are being used to spread negative sentiment about gme. start reporting, autists!
from 3.2 mill to 578k. still holding!
my gme exit strategy
robinhood ceo explains to elon musk why his platform restricted trading - as i said, elon has our backs   ; apes together strong
toy story 2021 | the retards strike back
cramer trying to throw shade at gamestop as company. can this guy go any lower
yes laddering is real, "short ladder attack" is just editorializing the laddering of naked shorts
the truth about the state of the sub
honestly, i did it for the memes.
hold your tendies and buckle up, $gme$ is going to rocket tomorrow and here's why 
keep the pressure on robinhood.
this should be on the front page ( pinned ) hold $gme 
daily discussion thread for february 26, 2021
no rkt for us gme tards
thankyou hedge fund short ladder attack bots for this discount on my gme shares this beautiful aussie 2am tuesday trading day. i aint fucking selling now!!! nothing but to mars 
ive been bag holding this meme along with my gme
still not selling - will be buying more at $85 and at $65 if it gets there - we're up against wall street and the government - you only lose when you sell, so hooooold
if you have a stock thats doing well long term- dont post it here. clearly, you will lose money if you do.
this is more money then i'll make in a year. i could've sold at the start of the day. i'm still in.
who do these hedge fucks think they are dealing with?
which one of you retards put this up for all of hollywood to see?!? seen on the chinese theater billboard on hollywood boulevard in la!
"rkt is being pushed as a distraction from gme": a quantitative analysis
if $gme hits $3000 ill get a tattoo of a diamond on my ass
cnbc just accidentally reported some bombshell information
the 20 most used words, found in comments, on 3/5/21.
diamond hands in spokane valley, wa 
good fucking riddance
short attacks happening at the exact same time. blue = gme, orange = amc, teal = bb
regarding the upcoming si report from finra
holding the line ah i love you all 
if it wasnt for my mortgage that last 1k would be in $gme 
roaring kitty sued for securities fraud
do not give awards anymore, use that money for $gme and go rocket!!! (for reals now.) this shit is not stopping and is a one in a lifetime chance. 
can we all just admit we are nervous and have no fucking clue whats about to happen?
i'm holding still with a $-17,000 loss...
secret footage from hedge fund board rooms across the us.
lets talk taxes! i would hate for a fellow wsb member to get in trouble with uncle sam!
joined wallstreetbets after the first big gamestop spike and bought the dips on the way down for an average of $55.90 on gme and $6.88 on amc. love you retards btw im holding
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of february 19, 2021
short interest in $bb - it's increasing
this gme week in a nutshell
saw 1.8 mil profit and said nah. im not fucking selling. 10,000/share or bust.  
final boss fight. it's happening tomorrow with yellen, sec and federal reserve. emeegency meeting to talk about gme volatility.
gme ape gang checking in 
if this squeeze is mimicking the last one at a larger scale, today might look like this.
the real deep fucking value  kt corporation
this dick is on bloomberg news right now pretending his speaks for this sub.
this may be the right way to support gme for long term success, and get rewarded as a real shareholder.
to the moon! 
what's happening is great, but don't let the media's narrative draw attention away from the wall street greed that actually started this
coincidentally, -21,167.69 is my favourite number.
don't get fooled by these bitch ass boomers
don't be distracted. the gme squeeze hasn't even happened yet!
jon stewart did an interview with jim cramer over the streets videos. 2008 vs today. nothing has changed.
hold gme and amc until it reaches mars. as if it were your first-born!
daily discussion for thursday february 4th
proof of my 400 share buy in. gme to the moon!
the amc app has moved from #153 to #35 in the app store for entertainment. check for yourself and download it while youre there. does this help bring exposure? it seems like a good streaming service too
goldman and ib execs claim wsb trend could take down the system. if so, it's an easy solution cover your shorts and this nightmare will all be done.

thanks to youtube for this closed captioning gem.
where did the positivity go?
who is still holding gme?
all in on $pltr - let's see how it goes.
gme creates strategic planning and capital allocation committee with cohen as chairman
haven't sold. this is a dark day for many. especially out brethren at 300+ a share. we were minutes away from a short squeeze when it peaked for the second time. the problem now is simply morale. do not lose hope.
fk it i'm not fking selling  this is personal now!!!
why its not over for rkt more shorts have reloaded  important dd inside.
hedge funds monitoring wallstreetbets
went from 15k to 6.5k in two days. my entire life savings nearly tripled and then crashed, and i didn't budge. the numbers just don't add up, and i'm a patient man. i think i'll hold for 10,000 a share.
the $gme short thesis and how it could backfire if retail investors behave rationally
thinking we should have a stress / mental health / support thread to keep our  as  as fuck
nasdaq ceo suggests halt to trading to allow big investors to 'recalibrate their positions' to combat reddit users
last week's market recap
am i doing this right? it says gain...
sing our anthem!
do not fall for the scare tactics: if you yield now the hedge funds will prevail. keep looking at the facts and do your own research.
sold last week for a 5k loss, and now fomod in at the literal top again 
as mark cuban said; when the brokers quit restricting the market, well see what wsb is truly capable of.
yo dudes so i heard of this company called robinhood thats going public soon
 robinhood has reportedly chosen nasdaq for its ipo. the day of the short of all shorts is getting nearer fellow apes. prepare to rise 
made my first 100k trade on weed
imperba's post but with tracking
15 milliion dollar bet on upside for gme, look yourself in think or swim
even the porn sites are with us!!!
hedgies trying to manipulate us on every corner. stay put
be diamond $bb $gme $nok
the gme shorts' endgame. information purposes only.
all u idiots are falling for it  paper hands
dd: why gamestop gme is worth $1000 without a squeeze
twitter news claims interest for gme/amc in the subreddit is fizzling out (its all we fucking talk about). and they cant even list the correct stock for amc entertainment.
stock go boing
its a correction...
does your damning cnn interview keep getting deleted by youtube? put it on the permanent web and prevent censorship by mainstream media.
pltr dd - brain cells required if you are an ape!
protect the gates comrades
what are your moves tomorrow, march 02, 2021
investing in cocaine? legally??? that's correct.
discussion since yesterday
i only used reddit to follow nba and watch exchanges but decided that my 1st post should be this - i'm with you my fellow apes and i'm not fucking leaving! i just really like this stock. all the best from the uk. 
the buying pressure on gamestop will accelerate this week here is why $gme
to those of you who need reassurance in these difficult times
this is the leap to freedom!
hold the fucking line  amc gme
to melvin capital, shitadel and robinhood...game on! bring it!!!
his stupid face says it all (ceo of robbingyourhood)
currently 33 million shares traded as of 2 p.m. they are driving the stock down articifically. lowest volume in a long time
i may not have much, but it's called a shareholder, not a shareseller 
$70k dumped into 2/26 tsla calls this morning
      
we like the stock 
sec is probing brokerage firms that restricted trading on gme, and other meme stocks.
please give the right robinhood hate! this is a charity guys!
(gme dd) why the volkswagen comparison is much more inaccurate than you thought, but in a different way
been bagholding in the weed sector for 2+ years... made those bags a little lighter this week!
stop buying silver you tards
  if you want the shares, come and claim them   (pt.2)
daily discussion thread for march 02, 2021
greetings from europe ^__^ just placed an order for 4 shares, couldn't afford more ... lets hope for the best 
thank you, gamestop! i'm buying a condo thanks to you!
just hold boys supporting with 3.8 shares from africa
i accidentally revealed to people that i bought 15 gme @ 310 so can you tards hurry up and pick me up so i dont look like an actual retard
most of the world does not yet realize how big this situation is.
daily discussion thread for february 08, 2021
market analysis of why $gme literally cant go tits up, and why no one will get left behind because the price wont fall
there is officially a silver shortage, and silver miners ($ag and $silj) are going to triple by may. this isn't a squeeze - it's a bank run.
sold rkt for a 10 bagger $236,000 gain.
it is awesome this sub is growing so fast, 7mm, wow. but let's not lose sight of what this sub is.
nok nok nokin on heavens door
2021->2020
we need to talk about nok
finally broke even on pltr! my wifes boyfriend is gonna be happy!! 
if youre here to tell people to sell, fuck off. paper handed cunts arent welcome 
$300k loss today. hands are steady and balls are heavy.
someone said to buy rkt this morning. thanks hero.
any room for a few eastern europeans? alcohol abuse has practically turned our brain into mush.
obfuscation, misinformation, propaganda, and gme!
govt has our back... right?
update as of 1/29. 19 years old and not selling! planning on getting a tesla after this is all over (and of course switching brokers)!
daily discussion thread for march 08, 2021
jim cramer describes how hedge funds short a company... sound familiar?
be on guard for them to flash crash gme at 3:59 to lower the price.
robinhood is really screwing us. they have the shares we buy, so they pocket the 30% they get from lending shares to short sellers, that we didn't agree to be leant out in the first place.
bought $100k worth of $amc to help the cause.
squeeze!! 
attention: looking for all who suffered a loss via any restricted equity in the last 48 hours as a result of any trading platform (details below - this is going to be the one you want to read in)
a breakdown of how the short squeeze started and whats going on with brokerages.
amc - what is happening & future?
pre-market looks good!
beating the market - part 1
daily discussion thread for march 01, 2021
my retarded friend sold his fractional share of gme. robinhood decided they wanted to be the ultimate tard and sell his share for 2,605.50. you hear that autists? no sell limit for anything under 2605.50 a share
michael burry just stating the facts as always, buy dip and hold 
ally invests email about gme to scare us, the last thing you want is regulators knocking on your door. lmfao i just like the stock 
you know what it takes to hold gme and amc?
$18k of savings from minimum wage jobs into gme down the drain. back to the grind tomorrow.
what are your moves tomorrow, march 04, 2021
we need to keep price above $320 by end of day
holding. 75% down. where is your faith apes? are you holding? am i out here alone? i'll ride this to zero. 
retarded 18 year old checking in with gme update. its been a wild week but still holding strong. waiting for rendezvous on titan! 
not dfv but its honest work. from $9k to $1.1m - trades in previous posts
psa: fidelity accounts (prevent gme/amc shares from being shorted!!)
alright apes. i got a good one for you. listen up. sens
robinhood is selling people's gamestop shares without their consent.
give them nothing!!! but take from them, everything!!!
welcome to the next round $gme. i love stonks
down about 1 million on tesla. but tesla made me my first 2 million and i'm not selling. applying for more margin tomorrow like a true ape
gme wars: suits strike back. warning for all you fellow autists
unfortunately, it seems mama janet yellen won't be of any help to us. let's at least hope she keeps the printers well oiled
miss when yall broke the market last week. lets do it again sometime! hooollldd
the inside story of wsb and amc
canadian here! liquidated all my other losing stocks at a loss to go all in on gme after last week's spike. i'm all in!
bought these 24 hours ago because of 3 of you idiots. sold to buy more gamestonk. also, thanks!!
was driving and thinking what our next goal is. nuff said
you survived 100% of your worst days. keep going.
today's battle over gme
maybe the funniest meme yet, imo.
the war is not over yet! gme to the moon 
you are the good guy, keep you chin up, king.
funds finally cleared so i stuck my toes in. already down 2% but i like the stock.
yesterdays discussion: gang weed loses a bit of its high, but remains on top of the table
elon musk will be our savior
$nok $nok bitches 
can't stop won't stop brainstop 
weekends are dead to me.
do not sell to move your account from robinhood
just to clear up the sec probe misunderstandings
my friend got his boomer mom to buy some $gme.  anyone can hold
we are the real robin hood
it's not much, but i reached an important milestone today
i had to put my dog down today. hardest thing ive ever had to do. this doesnt replace my boy, but it helps. thank you all for holding. apes together
thanks to gme for allowing me to give back and donate $500 to st. jude and $500 to the leukemia and lymphoma society.
my account dropped 240k on thursday. did i care? no. cause  fucking. hands. im not letting a hedge fund scare me. take your money back and be your wifes boyfriend! 
i was watching the gme situation from the sidelines, but...
wall street is scared 
bought 5 calls and took a nap and came back to this
$gme is still massively volatile, no way the shorts have covered, hold the line! 
gme nears $10bn market cap
how the hedge funds, including melvin capital hide their short positions: wsj
overview of current gme situation: it's just getting started
ive seen a lot of people talking about selling friday and here is why not to sell friday
is the bible telling us to buy more pltr?
 objects
palantir (pltr) & what it does
barstools bought 700 thousand of amc today
we were dangerously close to collapse of entire system, says interactive brokers founder ahead of gamestop hearing
gme sell list puts a smile on my face
gee emm eee roughly 4-5 times the magnitude of the first run up.
down 18k. i guess i'll just have to....keep fucking holding!!!
i opened and deposited $6,500 in my robinhood account exactly 375 days ago.
get your ass at 8:30 on twitch
diamond hands listen up! gme is on sale right now and will be going to the moon this week. the hedges played us so hard that they have played themselves.
well at least its better than it was a week ago. guess ill just keep holding.
if i can hold a $130,000 position, so can you. i like movie theaters so i will hold!!
just bought $5k of gme  
should have bought the dip
this guy sums up the situation perfectly. were doing gods work.
if you ever sell buy something tangible with the money.
gme amc to the moon 
amc is in the rise again!
open letter to the sec about why this is rational investors in a free market and not collusion.
in 26 hours, i've lost more than half my retirement. gme & amc
buy nok, keep the legacy alive. it can survive the apocalypse, save it and head to andromeda
how it feels investing in gme
rolled 59k into gme shares from my onlyfans proceeds on cashapp   
$78,000 at $363. late to the party, autist lost direction but entry price doesn't matter because all dd on wsb indicated this is going to $4200.69
short interest @226% (hf have to purchase each share twice). keep holding brothers and sisters, moon is near. (source: @chiarale at etoro)
everyone's posting their gains! in true retard fashion, i bought at a high (30 @ 380) and am down. idgaf - moon or bust!
i'm tired of living paycheck to paycheck...
i'm not fucking selling 
gme discussion thread for february 1, 2021 - part 4, shrek forever after hours
count the past tenses. these news outlets are pressed to use language implying "everything's over, everyone go back to your day jobs." now...who do i know that would love to see that narrative spread...and just so happen to be in the desparation zone of survival spending? 
$gme    
its not about a second squeeze, its about finishing a squeeze that was illegally halted.
alright you dumbasses, i think we need a post pinned to show people who come here after watching the news the good that comes from this, how the money gets spent by normal, hard working people when its out of the hedge funds
450 shares at $350. im holding 
200 more shares for me this morning! of course it immediately dipped $6 upon order confirmation. old lady gme, you know? she's a real- you gotta hang on tight, you know? because she... she'll... she bucks pretty hard.
if only i could travel back in time...
asian ape doing my part, $amc is the flank attack of $gme  don't give them any chance to cover!
my wife's boyfriend called... it's for you
canadians are holding the line with you!! tired of seeing millionaires here? each stonk at $318 usd cost $415 cad but we dont care were holding poutine all day everyday 
homeward rebound
gme has 65,256 fewer puts active at close yesterday (data, part 2)
the universe has been telling me to hold gme my entire life.
me and the boys getting ready to take gme to the moon
new video from bruce frommert describes what he thinks is going on in gme. worth a watch. tldr in post.
as a rebuke to robinhood, i will be withdrawing all of my funds (i did not buy gme)
when she asks you to come back from the moon.
sea of red.
i'm not hopeful anything comes of this, but potential big wall st shake-up sounds nice.
i see memes everywhere . stay strong and hold like never before . 
life of r/wsb retard
donald trump jr joining the gme train
$bb more then just hype 30$+
zoom bomb during gamestop hearing
to melvin capital, cnbc, boomers, point72 and cramer, you want to know how we get our tendies?
say it with me. were not fucking leaving
wsb discussion from this weekend through this morning: gme stays on top
the $gme squeeze will bring down melvin. the silver squeeze will bring down the biggest banks in the world. that's why robinhood barred trading of $slv the day after they took a billion dollars in loans from jpm and goldman sachs. are you fucking kidding me.
i was a deca-millionaire for a week, down $3m today. but im okay with $2m -> $12m -> $8m in 4 months. ama
if you are in any doubt ask yourself, "would dfv sell at this price?"
r/wallstreetbets this morning
top gear predicted this back in 2014  lets goo 
 why we only can use fidelity and vanguard for future buys: a breakdown 
market manipulation shown by justin kan (twitch founder)
once we take over, we can do some remodeling
last night near dallas
investment warning for military
the hedgies are currently extremly fucked - here is why
the squeeze has not been squoze. the shorts are trying to manipulate the market and theyre failing 
 condescending corruption of the system & the hfs thinking they can outlast the power of the players; fuck that noise, i'm forgoing $10k+ gain in premiums tomorrow to exercising early to call in 1000 shares 
paper hands can turn into diamond (credit to /u/nico_bico)
loss porn, if i break even i'll tattoo my hairy ass with rockets and diamonds.
cnbc doesnt give a shit about anything but eyeballs.
the game is rigged but  can still win!
gme on the rebound after a drop..... hold - apes togther strong
daily discussion thread for february 09, 2021
yolo amc 20k shares. jan 31/2021. didn't believe you degenerates could pull it off. here's my part in contributing and never fucking selling.ps: i need to get my wife's boyfriend a new car. fuck the hedge funds, and wallstreet suits. your fellow retard.
dont fall for this shit!!!
short ladder attack demo
the cant se-see
i didn't eat yesterday so i could make this, "melvin capital needs tough love" gg apes go blastoff
dont buy silver. stay with gme.
got the band back in the studio and recorded another gme-led zeppelin cover. i call it dymond hander.
my tesla 560 put came in clutch on friday
gme whale has come to save us
you're doing it, peter!
melvin this week
@sec the sec enforces retail investors doing nothing illegal, investing in their futures to protect the more than 1,000 hedge funds and market makers doing illegal things daily to fuck you out of every cent youre worth, bankrupt companies & possibly collapse the market again due to their actions
if the market crashes now, they'll try to blame it on us
#this is our generations transfer of wealth
my one year of yolo options trading.
what are your moves tomorrow, march 05, 2021
just bought 2600 more!
dd: how the short interest report for gme and other stocks on feb 09 could be falsified, and why you should pay attention.
do you want to make a lot of  or  ?
antitrust class action lawsuit filed against robinhood, citadel et al
it's official
sold all my shares this morning.. oh wait i didnt wake up this morning a paper handed pussy #bb #gme #amc  #forthecause
update for you fellow retards still holding.. 
10k pl. currently 78.97% short interest @21.9% fee. amc 1 week behind gme!!!!!!! hold gme amc bb nok  
24 hours until pltr earnings call im getting squirelly. billions of dollars at stake and a sex deviate side show bob lookalike with water shoes has all the chips in his corner: *a fanfiction*
as mark cuban said, the lower the price gme goes, the more powerful wsb can be stepping up to buy the stock again.
the real reason that dfv rarely shows his face anymore...
even hong kong news source is covering us, and actually mentioned deepfuckingvalue name without censor it. 
meme stock cycle
i remember when i was in red at -$15k and look at me now mama apette! holding for us fucking gme apes!
the march gme trend looks a lot like the january gme trend... how many people are gonna flood in tomorrow?
amc and gme charts are clones again.
check your sell limits!!! it looks like some retards had a limit sell of ~$415 set and it triggered this am. for the love of tendies, remove the limits or set them to at least $6942.00. 
what are your moves tomorrow, march 09, 2021
if you don't want wsb to be perceived as one entity, or a certain stock to be perceived as a p&d scheme, then stop bullying people for their trading decisions
power to the players ()!! 
its gunna go back up right guys?
cramer's opinion means jack shit
whose still holding 
to anyone getting restless and scared: take a break
not invested in gme but support the cause? go buy something from gamestop?
$bb isnt recovering today. i cant fucking average down on rh. im holding hoping for a large miracle next week and going to make a drink now. 
germany  just started. i know it may be hard guys, but you only make a loss when you sell! put your paper hands  away - its time to show some diamonds 
lyin' greedy gabe admits to gamma and not short squeeze? 
mvis: shiny laser go pew  no but seriously they are gonna take over the lidar industry
dave portnoy: everybody on wall street who had a hand in todays crime needs to go to prison
made this a few weeks back, retard believers rise up
when will they ever learn, it never was about the money lol...i am more bullish on gme than ever before..gg wp
gme 25th of february 2021 update - posted loss porn 2 weeks ago -200k, held and started to see the light at the end of the tunnel  f*cking recovered and gained +215k !!!! i only have one thing to say: apes stronk together, 's quantum energy engine is working again, we are going to the moon 
if you lost a lot or a little money this week please read
the sec is dragging at&t to court for illegally duping analysts into lowering expectations | at&t provided nonpublic information to 20 different analyst firms so they would lower revenue estimates ahead of earnings, according to a press release - that let at&t beat expectations for the quarter
remember, mark cuban literally came to this sub and told you to hold while elon shitposted gamestonks! on twitter and paper hands still folded.
the game was rigged from the start.
just a friendly 15 month reminder, yohb?
tendie man says "the moon belongs to everyone" amc to the moon!!
ib chairman: we were in the dangerzone - 50m shares registered, 270m shares shorted on jan 28th
why i am super bullish on gme
psa to all you autists: stop lending your $gme shares for short selling
update - class action filed (details, link to sign up in comments)
stumbling into wsb trying to translate the jargon.
gme yolo update: $91,843,572.87 or die trying
how to buy more than 5 shares on robinhood (up to 1,000)
wsb is safe from deletion - dd inside
starting to understand the power of the retard play...
i love this stonk! f*** the manipulators for the dip in between. 
half my portfolio on this stonk we holding till we millionaires i ain't here no bell  
momentum shifting  we're still buying 
i got 5. northern germany reporting in.
germany likes the stock!
  its as much money as i can afford to spend on sending a message  
$bb my anus is ready for another red week
thank you gme for punching my ticket to the millionaire's club!
do not sell retards gme to the top 
daily discussion thread for march 03, 2021
lpt - learn about manipulative tactics and logical fallacies so that you can identify when someone is attempting to use them on you.
the last retard
cramer should up his target to 1,420.69 and only then will honor be regained and balance restored!
my dad is trying to teach an ape how to invest. lets work on getting these tattoos he promised 
public service announcement! volatility halts are not an attack on your position!!
guess who didnt buy any silver?instead bought 100 shares of amc:) love and support from mexico
gabe plotkin claims many wsb posts were laced with antisemitic slurs
get em boiz
a message from a fallen soldier
the wallstreetbets gamestop hype helped this guy save his dogs life - update to my story
most anticipated earnings releases for the week beginning february 22nd, 2021
proof robinhood was bought out by hedgefunds to restrict trading
live on cnbc thomas peterffy (billionaire, founder, and chairman of interactive brokers) admits halting trading to "protect ourselves"
the dip is fake 10 mil volume 
gme has cured my erectile dysfunction
bought some $gme after hours because im retarded...one positive pr from management is all we need to trigger the inevitable short covering..388 @$65.56
doordash ($dash) is going to be blood-red this week, and may never recover
gme go brrrrr... 
i probably should have sold, if i was a pussy 
get out of $slv now if you are long silver !
what are your moves tomorrow, february 16, 2021
you only loose if you sell . down 77% ($10,000) my whole life savings and still holding   got nothing left to fear so why sell ?
why pltr palantir is going to the moon inevitably
anyone else upset that dfv likely wont be posting on his yt too much after the dust settles? wish i wouldve found him sooner
palantir  
a reminder: volkswagen share prices in the similar 2008 scenario saw similar rises and falls prior to peaking. whats going on right now is nothing more than a cornered wild animal (hedge funds) fighting until their last breath.
papa chamath palihapitiya might be our savior, and here's why
what are your moves tomorrow, march 08, 2021
the moon is on our shoulders 
vick and borty: triumph of the boomers
wall st. shenanigans continue after ny stock exchange twitter account allegedly hacked
while the gme rocket is preparing for launch, hedge funds are likely shorting other stocks and placing calls on gme
aphria inc (apha): my final post before merger 
their problem is they expect us to behave logically
guys i just want to say , i never been more proud being a redditor in my life
still fucking holding. $gme, $bb, 
secret meeting
the gme shit in summary
vlad's testimony about the 5.11am phone call.
rkt: most effective use of my 600 dollars
how wsb thinks it happened:
thank you so much wsb. i can finally pay for me and my sisters lasik. changed my life with tsla, gme, and amc.
taking the stairs up and the elevator down
how is any of this legal??? just forced into a margin call by tda and they closed my positions 4 days early.
diamond-handed british retard checking in from across fhe pond. i like this stock 
they have got no bullet
white house press secretary jen psaki asked about new treasury secretary janet yellen being paid $810,000 from citadel in speaking fees
robinhood market manipulation: not letting me exercise my gme contract that expires today
diamond hands can not be shook. hold the line
power to the people
there are still real people here. apes strong together!!!
do you guys realize that we are still playing the same game, we just died at a checkpoint and have to go back one week. the price is at 50$ again and we have to keep playing.
if i learned something today, it's that $10,000 is not a meme
57,000,000 share short!
910,000+$ uwmc yolo (11,205 shares)
we are in the endgme now  credit to u/isthatpurple
$bb a phone company?
what are your moves tomorrow, february 19, 2021
what a year it was
the su cycle of (bae) amd: warning tsunami tendie alert!
we are getting a lot of media attention guys keep it going.
what are your moves tomorrow, february 22, 2021
psa: if you can't stomach the price action, just don't look
we like the stock  (found in toronto)
gamestop stock soars 100% at opening bell as short sellers face $19bn in losses  follow live -- btw jim cramer is telling us to sell--but he's not giving investment advice
amc might get some  tomorrow
am i in valhalla? (update)
sorry but i'm not believing all this quitting conversation and tone i am seeing.
bionano genomics - why you should care about it
$gme to the moon   
daily discussion thread for february 24, 2021
apes unite! i-40e okc and tulsa monday 5pm
dont doubt your vibes!!! settled funds are coming!!! 200x accounts. gme to $10k or bust.
wsbs having a conversation with wall street
yolo 400 shares of gme: power to the players
hf and media interns - you need to understand me!
1m into gme ... she said shed marry me if it crosses 1k
if you dont commit, you lose. a perfect metaphor.
this isnt over, we might be bleeding, but so are they
do not give citadel a pass. they have been shaking us down for years, and finally got left with the bag.
wsb rules - please read before posting
i'm shorting r/wallstreetbets (wallstreetbets is exactly backwards)
stop posting market statistics without citing your sources!!
did melvin's ceo just admit to insider trading?
based elon supports aoc, buy
synchronised swimming is an olympic sport right?
dddd - was gme being illegally naked short sold part 2 (a look at jan 15 to 29 sec data)
squazozzle update 3/4: initiating orbital rendezvous burn to dock with iss & pickup last few apes. 
amc gme yes, i am still holding will buy more, if needed! they started the war, we will end it
if only she knew...
$335 > $10k. yes, i sold. i have bills to pay. but im still holding shares and will buy more calls on monday. gme to alpha centauri. 
daily discussion thread #2 for february 1, 2021
lets fucking go
beware of others spreading stocks besides gme and disinformation around it
thats very specifically illegal
amc "bull trap"
buy high sell never
you think any of this could be plausible?
how to buy gme above broker limits - u/adioking credit
daily discussion thread for february 12, 2021
if we hit at least 800 im getting a wsb tattoo 
a better gme story...
listen up retards - only 50% of all robinhood users own gme. that means theres 100% more diamond hands to be made out in the wild  
listen here  commit to $0 or gtfo and let us buy your shares
every time i see a loss or gain porn meme from a rh account its like i get spit in my face while vlad is kicking me in the nuts
who else bought at $250+
see you on the moon
australia is back. we will hold with you!
am i a retard or what
you degenerates have forgotten what we are about. turning your life savings of $420.69 into thousands just to lose it all and start over on the next paycheck!
cvs- 10% of michael burry's portfolio and why it is in mine
am i holding!? yes! did i buy more!? fuck yeah!!! they can delay the squeeze as long as they want, they dont know how hard our diamond hands are! hold fellow autist... hold!   s together strong!   to the fucking   
so now we know the truth
the most important lesson i learned from u/deepfuckingvalue
cramer finally understands us - gme 
amc gang stand up
never thought i'd like monday. but now i wish monday come a little sooner. debt free for mom, me and my fianc. visiting my dad. gme to the moon! 
deep gme exposure
it aint much but heres my donation to the cause. i call it a donation because i dont expect to get the money back. because i am never gonna sell! 
gme recap and dd explaining why you can demand what ever price you want for gme
daily discussion thread for march 04, 2021
this is exactly how i expect you guys to look
keep buying amc. big things happening this week!
will i be a multimillionaire or sucking wieners underneath a bridge in a year? $nio 12/22 $80c
what comment volume on sndl looked like leading up to this massive spike
told you poland got diamondest of hands 
 amd $105k yolo dd + update 
chamath cnbc full interview
what are your moves tomorrow, february 23, 2021
wall street wont understand whats happening until they think of us as strategic investors, not gamblers
hedge fund manager trying to find an out
paperhands strike again
heres to andrew left. i lost thousands when your illegal pltr shorting tactics pummeled my otm calls! we got you back sucker, i know youre here.  -bankruptcy specialist at citron research
nice try daniel
gamestop frenzy prompts sec to weigh more short sale transparency
im still holding!! gme 545 shares reporting for duty !
to all the gme non-holders: don't think about it as an investment. you are buying yout place in history
thank you, mods
dont get distracted ..buy if you can and hold it ..
canadian here. i'm still holding!! 
i just finished transferring from robinhood to fidelity.
ross gerber thinks rh might go under. open new trading account and look to move shares. dont worry: your money safe from rh bankruptcy if balance under $500k
back to 6 figs of amc and down $100+ since last update. holding strong and focusing on packing my moons bags. see all you apes there!
color me shocked! looks like the sec is already defending robinhood. unbelievable.
new member in the 1 share gang!! hold till they file for bankruptcy!!!
upcoming yolo when there is no more gme to buy!
shroom stocks - are they really the next big thing? specific recommendations inside
diamond hands! relax as my 3d printer sings you the song of it's people #army
stop using robinhood app
stop fucking selling !!!
$10k -> $425k. its been a wild week so far. my emotions have been all over the place. its great that were all on this ride together.
feeling bad for new members - some advice
previously, on 2021...
russ hanneman is one of us!
two more hearings on #gamestop. maxine waters on twitter
unrealized loss porn gme bb amc
a salute to all of you absolutely diamond handed legends 
what if i told you
gme amc bb etc aren't the first and won't be the last. if you're new, stick around. this sub has made many great calls and plenty of us have been down big and managed to turn it around and come out ahead. just find your next move out if you're a believer just hold and wait
more than doubled my investments in the last year. 2 stocks, amd and roku
sndl and a warning to all penny stocks futures, post gme hype
i got a spite share. this shares going down with the ship. itll never be old when im old ill pass it on to my child and remind them to hold. 
remember how tightly you used to hold your game boy advance?
we have to go back to go forward
breaking: robinhood now limiting trading in 50+ stocks, including gm, beyond meat, and starbucks
back to 7 figures of amc. not selling. jesus take the wheel!!
gamestonk - the squeeze has not squozen and the infinity war continues!
heading into work after the rocket flies:
me who bought one share of gme at 300 during the hype and holding.
cramer don't act like you make money you are the king retard lol
saw that wall street is trying to suppress gme again, so i'm buying roughly $17 million in stock
in january 2020, many feared the imminent onset of world war iii. one year later, we are witnessing a world war iii no one saw coming. we are now witnessing class warfare on a historical scale.
billionaire peterffy worried about integrity of markets... more like billionaire worried about his friends. such fucking bullshit answers
fuck robinhood ceo
s3 partners didn't provide the report they wanted
selling $gme? no, i don't think i will. this is a $100b company minimum (i.e. $1420 share price without a squeeze). value play 
my ask of you: pay it forward for autism 
stonk wars, episode iv: attack of the fud  i'll try holding, that's a good trick  ride the $gme  all the way to coruscant
the "gamma squeeze" explained: gamma theory for monke
started this year with $200
"get squozen a lot"
please remember to donate some of the spoils of war to charities
need to squeeze gme if you want amc, nok, bb, bbby, etc to reap the rewards. its the gate thatll allow the rest in.
turn off instant settlements and leave robinhood!
the rocket is still fueling. buy your tickets for $sens asap
for my bb people out there. im holding with you.
losses on short positions in u.s. firms top $70 billion
why don't people give michael burry more credit?
wsb is out here!
government is dad, wallstreet is mom, we're all the children being lied to about who ate our tendies
we can't win this war on our own, but we have a big whale behind our back. @kjetillstjerne will hold to the squeeze 
virtue signaling from my gme tendies. donated on the 19th.
i am just a little guy, but robinhood closed out my gme 310/320 debit spread for $0.00, and the stock closed at $325. i can't be the only one this happened to. just because we are small doesn't mean they can do this to us. someone forcefully stole my spread from me for free and made my $1000.
live footage from citadel hq
thanks for the analysis fox business... if only they knew i doubled my position since this video!
gme hit $200, wife asked if we should sell...
the only way out for $gme is up - bull theory on tomorrow's squeeze (dd)
why were holding
this is the way
can we just have a gme bb amc megathread
i'm also still holding
gme's data irregularities
senator toomey said after losing our money, we will lose our enthusiasm and leave the market. he has no idea. we love losses too! he also said we shouldnt restrict the market on either side. good. this should give us the leeway to wreck more hedge funds.
yolo! am i doing this right?
daily discussion thread for february 18, 2021
are you going to give up? or make the hf's realize they fucked up?
you guys are doing it! hold your line. you can only buy 5 shares but hold.
the final attack on melvin capital
gme on cnbc live  all boomers are shook!!!
robinhood new marketing plan
2400 invested = +26000 i just feel cool
 from sweden! if i can hold, you can hold!
yahoo did their homework.
its a pain in the ass dropping from $500 but here im from hong kong strong holding with u guys. 
gamestop update 3: can't stop, won't stop, gamestop
  whales to watch 3/8: rambos, lambos, shambles
when citadel ceo was asked if they talked with robinhood about restricting gme buys
dfv: "i think if you want a real short squeeze, you'd want a more levered company, where it was on the verge of bankruptcy and suddenly it's not". this is literally amc, now that they are no longer on the brink of bankruptcy, but still >80% short interest. gme is top priority, but keep this in mind!
why no gme daily?
tlry is next gme! history will repeat it hit $300 in 2018 when cannabis wasn't even close to being legal in the us!!!
gme up 60% at open--wall street worried that continued losses at robinhood will force hedge funds who bet against the stock to sell other securities to raise cash
down $100k today. if i can hold, you can hold!
$uwmc stock analysis 
personal opinion: increased my gme position by about 20% today, not recommending you do the same.
daily discussion thread for march 05, 2021
billionaire point72 hedge fund boss and mlb owner defiant after gamestop loss and says hes trying to make a living
amc blockbuster dd
yolo'd $84k @ $488 yesterday premarket not even thinking about selling
for people saying reddit has moved to silver look at this comparison
what gme has become
us hobbits from middle earth stands with you apes 
good try
heres to 2021 boys 
gme investors must work overtime 
update 5th february: citadel securities, accused of rigging markets, accuses someone else of rigging markets
ill watch my portfolio go to 0 before i sell my shares
we're all in a really good spot with gamestop
nyse already halted gme two times after markets openend.
you know what? fuck it, im in.
dfv with hidden message holddddddddd 
buy, buy, buy! 
the most impactful decision you'll make all week
me buy banana  and crayon
the only "fundamental" that matters, 62m shs short with 50m share float. it is physically impossible to cover this short. - jim bianco (1/6) https://t.co/0fgrorr
a hero rises . my little tribute to a true hero of mankind u/deepfuckingvalue . i love you man.
gamestop and amc: uk trading platform ig stops new trades - uk people find new way to invest in these! short squeeze should not stop! lets go 
finally broke even on amc and made a small $8k profit. diamond hands are paying off.
full send to the moon 33k in @ 189
stonk wars, episode iii: revenge of the apes  the $gme is flying all the way to the outer rim  hold the line, apes together strong
jfk was talking about gamestop, not the space race
calling all $bb (big boys) to the casino
we missed an opportunity here...fuck it we'll try again at 690k followers
gme
its not a dip its a discount retards
this is the way.
it ain't much but fuck you robinhood!
this one hurt.
citron is no longer publishing short reports!
mom you didnt raise me to be a little bitch lol
the media has been adamantly spreading false information and has been putting down our beloved meme stocks... this is a good thing.
i made this in january but my computer kept crashing when trying to export : they got no more bullets!
the market wouldn't be red if shorts already closed
started my gme yolo in november with about 3k(account was at a loss at this point) and paper handed when gme hit 100. mad that it could have been a couple hundred thousand like 2 days later, but its ok bc i got a full ride for 3k.
wsb 1 mel 0
 gme - 65 million shares outstanding / 6 million users = 11.5 shares per user 
0118 999 881 999 119 7253
could not have been more proud of all you retards and apes $slv $gme $nok $bb $amc
to the soon-to-be millionaires:
just bought 70 more gme stocks, now my collection is complete! 1k shares of gme 
it filled
my dad listened my story about a dream, and he told me today that he listened carefully but believed in us in the and. he bought 80 shares at 35. i think he did very well :d i am hodling my 3 shares with proud! 
 hooooolllddd 
what happens with diamond hands?
billionaire broker thomas peterffy on why they put restrictions on trading companies like gme it can take down the entire sustem, theoretically .... thats the whole point: to take down wall streets corrupt system of market manipulation.
you need to read this. it's not over. best dd
gme's one day chart with 4 technical indicators. it looks like a good buy and good chance of an upside when it opens tomorrow.
short sellers down a net $54 billion on u.s. positions so far this year, data provider says
in short, i like the stock [updated position feb 17]  $1.75m gain -> -$310k
elder millennial here. again, if you're booking a high-6 or 7 or 8 digit gain soon, do me these two favors so i can rest easy knowing your tendies will be safe.
gme gang- wisdom from one ape to all!
i made 3d  
politicians are starting to notice the market manipulation going on with robinhood! they will get what they deserve
politics can't stop gme and math says pt 1000+
this is no longer about shorting a struggling company. it's not more about getting a quick buck from a short squeeze and it's only partly about sending a message. it's about something much more important.
visualization of crossover in meme stock discussion. analysis in comments.
12 years ago the world was bankrupted, while wallstreet celebrated with champagne
how stonks are born
was just alerted that the sec short sale rule is now in effect
rep. zeldin: "... and you (our dear lord dfv) found deep you know what value"
look at me. i'm the autist now
lets not become like these misers on wallstreet!
it doesn't matter who ends their restrictions on trades
been in since wave one. these diamond hands aint breaking.
today is not endgame!!!
dont feel so bad. this loss wiped out my gme gains completely. holding.
bought another 225 shares with $40k - lets keep it going   
stay suspicious folks - the sharks are circling this community looking for a chance to take a bite
amc baby      
im not fucking selling. know the streisand effect.
gamma squeeze has nothing to do with expiration
citadel & robinhood have a long history of manipulating markets together
$2k to $90k with everybodys favorite play
hold the fucking line people!! i'm down more than what i've made in the last 4 years!! if this was about money i would have sold!!
 contrary to popular belief, most $gme shorts did not cover  holllllld
apes together strong, that is a fact. but there are einsteins running about and you should learn from them.
we hold till they're bankrupt - supposedly current si on gme/amc - 
stonk wars: revenge of the degenerates all credit to u/michael_for_you (he asked me to upload)
doordash tried to steal almost $50k from a restaurant (seems to be the only way they will ever make money)
what are your moves tomorrow, february 18, 2021
petition to remove the 8 million normies and start over with the original 1.5m
tweet from s3...if long shareholders see the tumbling stock as a new buying opportunity, we may be at the start of part deux of the gme short squeeze
started in october and never imagined it would get this far, but we continue to fight. not leaving until i see 8 figures $gme
beat them guys...they quit posting bearish dd. "we can remain retarded, longer than they can remain solvent."
psa before going all in on gme: wsb is a casino!
gme/amc identical patterns today.
10.6k -> 173.5k in 7 months, a 16x return. started trading in july. all stocks, no options. key plays were jks, pltr, sol, gme and mvis.
charlie might be too retarded for this sub
gme (whats a memestonk?) daily q&a panel 2/5/21
robinhood insider information
took a fat l
gme to the moon
please dont make this whole thing political. we really dont need that or want it.
fuck robinhood
palanqueers rise: the final frontier
it takes a smart person to understand a smart person. but it's literally impossible to understand an idot 
 guess where we are, apes? 
$nok is almost certainly a plant. $gme is the most mechanically likely to squeeze, followed by $amc and $bb
down 400k, i will hold! 
anothah billboard for my retahds in boston
i really sent it boys. dfv lent me his balls today. closed all my other positions and threw it in the rocket. im a nurse, i dont have extra cash really. i would love to pay my student loans with hedge fund tears.
i. aint. selling.
someone just bought 4,821,223 shares of amc after-hours. 
volkswagen short squeeze from 2008, the red is [you] right now!  
nok - nokia wins 5g network deal from cnt
im poor, dont get paid for a week and have bills i need to pay. sacrificed $100 for the cause. it aint much but its honest work.  please get me to the  
my garmin knows how to get my heart rate up
robinhood, citadel reject conspiracies they halted meme trades (wtf they think we smokin', we remember)
want some new stupid things to throw money at? hint: shrooms 
[mods pls leave this up] cohen bailed out melvyn. he was also caught stark naked during the 2008 infinity squeeze. $250m in losses in 2008 resulting in one of the worst days of his life? lets create new memories for him shall we? justice will be served with a side of tendies. 
gme amc bb nok etc. to the moon  we will hold 
i'm glad to call you all my brothers (and sisters) - hand gme bb amc to the moon  
you did it retards... you got on stephen colbert
im still holding 7000 shares of amc. i paid $14+ for the first 1000 and have been averaging down to get to $7.58. i have a good feeling that ill finally see green tomorrow but it doesnt matter because were going to the !       
dont doubt the squeeze
how to beat hedge fund algorithms on wsb: a proposal
no deal melvin! that moon money is mine!  
*your
yellen won't recuse on gamestop after paid almost $1m by citadel.... surprise surprise surprise!
wsb_god (jaime) is back at cnn and bloomberg, upvote so mods see
a brief history of wallstreetbets
some dd on tlry/apha since none of you seem to get it
what are your moves tomorrow, february 17, 2021
a little pre-game motivation for you apes 
i decided yesterday that i like the stock 
still in. 3/4/21 gme
just bought 100 shares of gme. buy the dip and hold 
apha vs tlry arbitrage
in case anyone needed another reason to delete robinhood. here's rep casten's line of questioning culminating in calling the rh support line mid-hearing
gme 1000 shares for 93,000 ! a few days ago it would have cost me $500,000! what a bargain! now is the time to jump on board!
$600 to 172k and back down to 27k all in 15 days. i can't feel my hands.
what is to come is not our fault
$4.5b down, $8,000,000,000 to go. let's snatch those zeroes up this week.
t minus 20 hours til the showdown
breaking market news on twitter: ytd performance of melvin: -53%
still not selling rocket. check my positions and dds in previous posts $rkt
lucid motors are looking for a qnx engineer. qnx = $bb
people say amc is a diversion, i say is the fuel of gme short squeeze
we hit 200 in after market 
fuck jim cramer 
our hill to die on
gme big squeeze documentary
we don't offer any advice. i hope you t212 snakes get taken to court for market manipulation. pathetic.
citadel has been using robinhood data to rob us blind for months. this is the time to reinvest in stocks that should have gone up, but didnt.
amc market close friday
$gme is going to the edge of the observable universe 
inside the mind of a hedge fund executive...
retard from the uk here. poor as fuck and this is all i can afford. this movement has proven the little guys can make their voices heard when we band together. doesnt matter how small your contribution is, everyone is better for it! buy the dip!!!  together 
"...and when the dust settles, and the smoke clears, i will be ready for the next battle." 
gmes inverse correlation with the market
a message from dfv to you about melvin!
$gme down. i panicked. so i went to my fidelity account and bought more shares.
i'm convinced we're living in a simulation at this point.
loaded up and ready for today 
gg. we have achieved the first green day candle in a while...is this a sign?
battle plan! listen up apes and diamond hands! paper hands and shills should not reply! this can be our chance to make a return to the table!
give us eyes!
$35,000/y to millionaire!! missouri man now a millionaire on paper after investment into gamestop stock 
wall st. made my $bb ghost me yesterday.... unfortunately for them i'm not leaving come back $bb!
the launch pad is now complete.
this hearing is a waste of time. where is the sec and dtcc to confirm their statements.
gme second wave
dfv's afterhours speech to wsb after diamond handing today
pltr upgraded to buy by goldman - $34 target 
i don't believe retail investors will crash the market, and you shouldn't worry.
we need to stick together and  the ever lovin shit out of this opportunity. we will leave no man or woman behind! forward! together!
when you deposit more money in your account.
three 3s brewing knows what's up.
the rocket ship is almost ready degens!
daily discussion thread for february 16, 2021
as of close @19/2 i am 100% in gme. never slept better
came across a sign this weekend
please for the love of god start understanding that trading halts are not market manipulation
please watch out for market manipulation by the wall street hedge fund pigs. they will do everything in their power
update on amc/gme short interest from an hf analyst (dd, will update with more info tomorrow)
just a $110k loss in less than a month due to nvda and tlsa put credit spreads, just keep scrolling
been in this bitch since $17, started with 2k and traded swings all the way up so i could maximize my shares. if im still in and can stomach 100k+ swings and not sell then so can you 
 thanks to what i learned from wsb, was able to grow 50k to 1.2m in a month in our retirement roth ira. though i lost 20% when moving from options to shares, its still life changing money for my wife and i. thanks wsb.
steve cohens point72 raises $1.5 billion after melvin capital infusion they are going broke!!!
im not leaving. this is psychological warfare only the strong coming to the pluto with me.
he is the other person claiming that the wallstreetbets traders buying gamestop are "far right incels"
rkt megathread for march 2nd, 2021
are we fucking dogs? robinhood only wants to give us table scraps.  burn it all down! 
someone was complaining that we dont have any good loss porn lately. heres what i lost out on when i sold covered calls on gme this week
rinse and repeat to mars
be fucking careful if your are moving your shit off robinhood, the process can take over a week and your account will be frozen in the meantime.
 retards. started at $1500 > $360k (combined with rh acct) and now at $66k. have $10k left to my name but its either  or $0.00 because im not a  bitch.
i like the stonk! am i doing this right? 
wsb getting in line for monday's market open...
a gamestop movie reportedly under-way by film company mgm
can i please be an extra in the movie? diamond hands 
god bless you, you glorious retard.
td changing the rules mid game. here we go. it's only going to get crazier into the close.
supporter from hong kong. stay stong. the world is watching the federal gov and those hedge funds. this is for the greater good.
i'm biased bc of avg cost, but still holding. secured 100k in profit to pay all my debt off. had to ride huge waves to even get to that point. securing profits makes holding so much easier. wake me up from cryosleep once we hit andromeda. 
new people should read up on the basics before posting
amc to the moon
holding gme till the squeeze has squoze. 6421@21
tradingview knows what's up  $gme 
you cant make this shit up. dd inside
thoughts on feb. 18th congressional hearing with robinhood, melvin, citadel?
infinity squeeze
maybe we shouldnt let this sub turn into some moral battleground for political jerks.
can we please stop using short interest as the only barometer for how good a play is
trust the diamond hands. hold $gme
i moved my savings to buy teslonk and palantonk to hold til 2069... but fack it- you guys aint leaving me behind this time.
this is probably going to be a huge week
amc
german pre-market update 02/02/21
remember guys, cnbc, cramer, the whole team.... they can't be trusted as long as the narrative is controlled by the corporations who own the media. hf's have connections to these big corporations and will be using that to push a specific narrative against us as the war rages on.
gme short squeeze info (not myne but posting for visibility)
amc yolo: movie theaters were always my original bet
i went into gme/amc for the money, i'm staying for the cause
lets discuss the most talked about stock in the last few weeks.
the red herring: silver being used as a distraction
the rise of $bb: a star wars story - part 1
gotta get it while it's cheap! 
cnn quoted me in their front page article on the wsb class action lawsuit
10 years of trading discipline out the window... fucking fuckers.
just bought 3 more shares in gme. this time, it's out of principle. we won't be stepped on!
twist and squeeze
buying the dip from sweden 
robinhood ceo completely retarded
amc buy and hold
daily discussion thread for february 23, 2021
take your fucking "movement" elsewhere.
draining the swamp - gme notable hires
"wow. 17 lawsuits against @robinhoodapp halt of #gme @gamestop share buying have been filed since yesterday am, according to a quick search of the @courthousenews database. proposed class action claims range from breach of contract and consumer fraud to negligence"
why things are still looking good: future catalysts and outlook
tired of you noob gays calling everything a "p&d"
this guy is the sole owner of point72, a vc operating w $3billion of citadel $ and invested $750 million shorting gme... oh ya and he owns the pos mets. can we ruin this toxic boomer? please 
an ode to /u/deepfuckingvalue and all other autists joining the fight
on a serious note!
holy shit! amazon has struck a deal with unfi to be the sole supplier to whole foods
just bought amc for 250 @ 15.40 . to the moon 
gamestop, gamma hedging, wall street bets, and the crack rock. an in depth explanation of the dynamics of a short squeeze.
fuck it. i bought a pair of billboards in coeur d' alene, id, to spread the word to any of the 5 or 6 people left that don't bout' our situation yet. not financial advice. just a goober with too much money. donation to the cause.
hedgefunds are still betting against you. infact, they're doubling down
got in literally ten minutes before liftoff. see ya later
8.6 million degenerates buy at least 1 extra $gme share right now!
to all my 300 spartan warriors out there! 
hold the fucking line i dont care if piss you pants while doing so just fucking do it so you can buy new ones you fucking retards
fidelity and vanguard!! switch over now if you're stuck in rh. they've combined $9.3 trillion in aum! they own 21.1% of gme collectively! switch over now 
robinhood has finally released amc and gme shares from custody at 3:18 am
can we get back to posting about other stocks yet?
this fortune cookie i got today has me pumped!
6 million new members. using statistics to make picks. dd for the upcoming week while everyone is focused on meme stocks.
there are no paper hands on this sub. shut the f*** up!
all in fuckers
holding strong from canada! 
which one of you beautiful tendie lovers done this?
we can stay retarded longer than they can stay solvent! 
director of $uwmc just reported his sec form 4, showing he more than doubled his own position on march 1st, from 50k to 110k shares (reposted with form direct from sec.gov)
just bought 80 shares of gme and 124 shares of amc. this is the way
can't read   not selling 
alright you autists - i have $70k in $250 gme calls expiring next week. yolo.
dear fidelity, please invest in some engineers and ux designers
free money alert [5]: on semiconductor ($on)- 40c exp 4/16
do you hear the people meme?
dont listen to paper hands
until finra monthly short sale transaction files release, let's play with daily short sales volume files!
a thank you and goodbye in case i don't get another chance
i know its not much but its the most ive ever made in the market and ill watch it crash and burn before i sell it. fuck these hedges hold your amc and gme boys we in for one hell of a week
a delisted stock and some late plays...turns out, i am the meme.
bought a 100 shares at the dip ($215). to the mooooon boys  
started buying up pot stocks mid pandemic, about 2000$ worth of deposits. screw the hype, i just love these stocks.
down 50% holding strong  reddit girls got your back 
why im holding $gme
in the wake of $gme losses, we all need to remember this...
no, listen to me: it doesn't matter if short interest is above or below 100% of float. there is still a bigass short squeeze.
you  have fo hold! stop selling ffs $gme
remember who they are
 buying more gme monday on fidelity. here's my current position 
gme: next steps
interplay of relationships between goldman sachs, robinhood, melvin, gee em ee and dtcc
have faith as big as a mustard seed!!! $amc reopening tomorrow!!! "13 $amc theaters to open tomorrow in new york. theaters also opening in san fran. in la, theaters to open 2-3 weeks from now. new theater set to open in denver". -- $amc ceo there is light at the end of the tunnel. 
rkt - compelling options chain, $1b buyback, great earnings, lots of short interest, and more.
amc calls set to expire
buffet once said it's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price. shit i cant read so fuck it. pltr 
still not selling. down 20k could have paid off wifes bf car note.
united wholesale mortgage ($uwmc) - bull thesis from a real estate professional
bought 250 shares at open. some of you called me names. what about now!!! diamond hands
and up we go. (spoiler alert) gme going to the moon. you are a legend, my fellow apes!
when billionaires pull off a short squeeze its so cool. remember ackmans public short of herbalife and carl icahn takedown of him. where was the sec. never sell.
rh users trying to buy the dip today
roku better recover or else im fucked
by time i've lost this much why bother selling?? nor would i in the first place. 
$gme led billboard located in downtown cleveland, ohio. 
the first time ive posted any gain porn. 2,700,000%! 
a shout out from me to all the apes out there who are holding strong
pltr is gonna destroy earnings this tuesday, hop on the rocket by friday cuz mondays a holiday 
as a nobody i just wanted to say
this subreddit has never been a stock-pumping subreddit
what are your moves tomorrow, february 24, 2021

failed to deliver
i put my entire mortgage on $gme... god help me...
wow congress might actually do something about illegal short selling. it sounds like they are blaming the real culprit here.
never thought i'd say this. yahoo finance you're the shit.
my autistic ass is down a fucking house house for the day. if i can do it, you can too. 
cramer is a puppet for the hedge funds!!
jpm & citadel and how slv is connected. major scheme that was planned and here is how you are getting played
genuinely, am i missing something or was the most important question completely missed today: how is it that several brokers decided that shutting down the buy side only was the best course of action?
linus sebastian is in for $50k of gme
class action lawsuit filed against robinhood
a quick summary of this pile of mess
ftw
there is not much money left after building a house and having a children but i support retardness from europe! we love the stock!
gme apes meme
this place is currently overrun with shills and bad actors, be careful.
daily discussion thread for february 19, 2021
february will be robinhood's final month of existence(if they make it through tomorrow)
bb/amzn speculation: blackberry ivy for the automotive industry is just a cover. we are thinking too small.
fomo'd in at $350, was down almost 80% but averaged down and still holding  moon or bust for meee
my dad's friend said that i'm going to crash the economy. i told him i'm going to pay off my truck and my credit card.
melvin 
there's a case for gme short-term, but please stop making things up
this was bound to happen: gamestop movie from jason blum in development at hbo
i am leaving robinhood after a year, and you should too.
the new york times described us as "perhaps propelled by a mix of greed and boredom." really? as opposed the hedgefunds that shorted gme by 130%? honestly, what does it say when hedgefunds have the power to even influence the nyt? (direct link in comments)
tesla looking for a price-correction? trading plan #3
i know this is mentally draining watching the price go up and down.
4:00am pre-market hype
bloomberg financials of gme: share of float at 130% and is like to thank u/ibkr for this find
do you hear the autists sing???? 
mental health crumbling
50k @ 436.89 
bb?
bullish calls last hour - gme - biggest trade is for 16 million $$$
bought another 120 shares! so  hands! i love this stock! 
hodl for god's sake!
dd: everything you need to know [gme]
just bought $37000 worth of gme! average cost $309. and i'm not selling ever! fuck you wall street!
for everyone who wants to leave robinhood 
i hope hes right
weedstocks went burr
flairing users based on how long they've been a member of r/wallstreetbets
class action against robinhood now officially filed in new york
guess its time to buy some more 
anyone else not give a single fuck about robindeads excuses?
the fortune cookie has spoken!!!
according to the washington post r/wsb is sexist according to their "experts".
aphria/tilray merger
nok and bb are being manipulated in the same way
$115k nok yolo - opened position today and planning to add another $30-40k in $5 - $10 calls on monday - 
the world is yours
i'm a honest person i see the dip i buy the dip
next week, we come back full force in different brokerages thats not robinhood
extra motivation for you retards gme to the moon. i was told to sell at $485 , $375 , people got scared when it bombarded to 126. but i'm still holding.
chose the wrong meme stocks to put $100 grand in february. shoulda bought gee emm eee at $40 - 
$gme to $680
forbes acknowledged gme is reinvented. doesn't acknowkedge squeeze.
a message to the short bus
wish me luck. dumping 100k on uwm
gme shorts will try to buy from longs over weekend - discuss
this subreddit is not just about gme
tomorrow, say his name.
are we back at it? those dummies really think they can defeat us retards
breaking: robinhood to open buys (likely non-margin) tomorrow for gme and other restricted securities - to the moon 
to the moon!
there were a bunch of people asking me to backtest a trading strategy based on my daily wsb updates. i did something similar a while back, but here's an updated version.
rocket tattoo
dont make big buys of $gme... make many small buys of $gme. inverse the latter attacks! 
eu is back in business baby! trade republic lifted the ban on gme and the other stocks. 
this has been painful. i am no u/dfv but i am holding. 
holding despite the blatant market manipulation.. adding 10000 more shares at market open
why not
rookie investor turns 7k into 117k in 4 days during gme craze with sheer blind dumb luck. ( i am rookie investor)
phd level addition and subtraction to model $gme short cover price
saw the dip and made my first ever purchase. not selling 
us vs them
[yahoo finance, feb 1] why gamestop's stock could rise much, much higher
get rich or die(*bankrupt) trying ! 250k of premium worth of naked calls on gme. to the moon 
we cannot win unless we hold!
just holding on my amc
$11k in on gme, to infinity and beyond!!
scooby and shaggy have figured it out!
the momentum is here today and they are likely scared. its important to keep the momentum even if they play offensive.
thank you melvin capital for the discounted stocks, we are not backing down hahaha
buy the fucking dip
spacex raised $850m at $419.99/share from 69 investors
gme, bb and amc and how they have moved today. almost same pictures
you know what time it is!
+20% in the first 5min of premarket trading hold on were going for a roller coaster ride
$211k pltr yolo
median number of gme shares owned by the average wsb user.
loss update.
wsb vs melvin and citadel. hold 
u/deepfuckingvalue speaks out on if he plans to sell his $gme today. spoiler alert: 
my ~$50k yolo on $trvg and why it'll  to the 
gamestop round 2! what is gamma squeeze and why gme is going to the moon   
lost over 200k$ over the course of 2 days, but i like the stock  
$gme has shown us how absolutely anyone can be bought. another silver fud, this time by seekingalpha
the naked call: from the files of pltr squad.
$nok $nok after all your shadey shit, i'm still holding. going to hold until i see them weep
thank you wsb, 28 and debt free. tsla 5k -> 19k , gme 19k -> 97k, whats next :)
jordan belfort says surprise in 12-18 hours and hold
i like this stock...
power of the people! $gme
gme is no longer just a stock, try and forget about the money, it's the price we pay for change.
gme is not over. pure fundamental analysis: (why holding and buying will allow us to win)
im doing it, not just for my wifes bf, but for...
this is why you should buy gme with fidelity. their investors made 3 billions on gme rise.
got and ad at 54th/broadway in nyc! it will be live tomorrow!
checking in from australia. managed to buy just before all brokers here suspended trading on gme. i just really like the stock.
just added 150 more shares to my position
love this sub, like the stock, we better hold , we can't miss this once in a lifetime opportunity and shot 
did my part at close today 
ibkr chairman said that regulators / brokers agreed that restrictions on trading because they believed the short squeeze would *keep going and going", so they had to "stop the losses" - jim bianco
to all the people who don't think melvin would engage in illegal practices even with everyone watching, i have something for you to consider.
gme $6600 to $35000. thank you dfv!
i cracked the code to the meme stock moon cycle
we got this boys!!! bought the dip. gme to the  
you are feeling like holding... 
market manipulation anddd... market manipulation anddd... market manipulation anddd...
"hedge fund body slams retail investors for 'distorting'. markets". so confused as to what hedge funds have been doing for a hundred years
support line around $126, resistance about $152. we need to break this resistance to go to the moon
ceo says you could trade other tickers so stfu
i like pltr. im all in 500k yolo, print me to become a millionaire and print everyone else. 
tell me you are not all absolute pussies as i watch amc plummet. no heart. no hope. should have watched a rocky movie before investing your monies.  who is still in there?
meta: extend the "no politics" rule to all 'movements' that do not try to make money
daily discussion thread for february 22, 2021
heres my position i sold every position i had and got in. this may not make me rich but im happy were in this together.
remember: short stock do not have an expiration date! upvote for visibility!
yolo lets ride boys 
i know it's gme time but ill be holding on to these stocks because i like it. bb for long 
yesterday, if you followed my advice on tlry you'd be up 100% in 24 hrs. today, lets talk about wkhs & osk. (xpost r/options)
they forced stop loss! a holes
"citron research says major announcement set for friday 9:00am" looks like they will try to pull some nasty shit out again, be prepared and don't sell no matter what! 
lets keep it up you autists 
$crsr crushed expectations...and why it's the cheapest growth stock right now 
tell me how bad my first ever stock meme video is
hold hold hold hold hold hold 
making a the wall street bets. front page, heres a preview 
over $30,000 down and im not going anywhere!!! i love the movies and this stonk  oh yeah and hey hedgie douche turds...... lick my balls!!
$bb is a good company
when gme starts mooning
wsb vs hedge funds. round 1: were winning !  -> 
all in fuckers, gme go brrrr
i can't believe i have to say this, but a lot of people need to hear it: the stock market isn't fair
a lot of non-investors joined the fight to support the community and bring down wall street, but some stuff isnt making sense. were told to hold, so we hold but we dont know how to read the market. lets clarify it in here if possible.
 $nok to the moon 
hold,hold,hold,hold
the game is rigged but  can still win!
just look at that pathetic volume in the dip. hedge fucks are desperate af
 mr. bean explaining gme to a group of retards 
theres a new shindig in the making, baby. (oc)
just zoom out v.2 
my main conclusion after watching the hearing? no one is on our side. they want robinhood to be the scapegoat and fall on their sword so the real issues can be ignored.
amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon amc to the moon
im so happy! still we are holding together!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we can do it!!!!!! 
dvf class action is just another strategy to change the narrative.
moon is the only conclusion we will accept.
because of work restrictions i cant buy gme but i want to contribute to wsbs generosity
german politicians are behind us.
they're trying to say this was all done by 'nazis' now...
hold on to your coconuts- an analogy of gme bear raids for idiots   
one after one they keep restricting. enough is enough!!
summary of all $bb (blackberry) fundamentals/news
the gme rollercoaster...
a wholehearted  to hedge funds from switzerland! you got me with your recent short-ladder tbh, but get this: this position goes to  or to zero! 
positioning for amc
mods, if blackberry hits $25 by december 31, 2021, flair me as blueballs, in remembrance of the painful agony of seeing this stock dropping 2% everyday for weeks and weeks.
for what its worth, this is my entire savings all in gme (i am basically poor). huge risk. but i am not selling. win or lose, im raw dogging wall street. 
$bb rated a strong buy at @entrepreneur even with a 300% gain.
u.s. lawmaker says robinhood decision to bar some retail stock purchases 'unacceptable'
proof of 2,430 gme shares held.
war! huh! yeah! what is it good for?
when msm finds out what fd's stand for
nok is not going to make you money
what happened today will set the future of retail trading
dont panic sell because of start dips
i think this is something that cnbc is missing. gme is technically not speculation.
bought gme in december, still holding!! 
cathie wood says stocks are not in a bubble and neither are her funds top holdings
coming in from singapore, we like the stock 
swedish retard here to help not selling  couldnt do more than this im poor
guys, gamestop should leverage their market cap and create the next major streaming platform for gamers [serious]
and the media takes this guy seriously
preparing for monday and my body is ready. ill fkn do it again
gme ii return of the squeeze
900% gain and rising
holy fuckkkk!!!!! $75 to $7.8k?!??? why did i not buy more. had a heart attack
who is holding the gme moon with me 
$bb zack target price = 29usd bbaby
is it too late for $gme?
a m c yolo update (after hours hype train edition) feb 24, 2021
here we go my! tlry  to the mooon!!!
why aren't short sellers just cutting their losses? are there really that convinced they will make a last minute comeback? seems a little short-sighted
mr beast may have never followed through with his stonk competition, but he just bought a gamestop so i can't complain. image is from his twitter.
better read now before they ban me
$bb 1/29 play
the secret to world peace is a mutual hatred of citadel
amc only up from here... just valuation and not the squeeze, see you on the moon
i don't own a single share of $gme & i have got something to say...
its true mark c has our back!<3<3<3 fuck the boomers and old money manipulators!
i love you all! i love what weve done
look ma, we made the paper
weapons loaded and unlocked. its time to make them bleed again!
it's the weekend, take a breather, here's a glimpse into the future
can't buy gme or amc on e*trade anymore.
down 900k from my gme shares and options today. if he's still in i'm still in! 
one will fall
a message to the front page.
sold all my apple shares thursday. then yolod half my account into $gme  and im not selling until i see pluto. 
stock tracker and analysis spreadsheet
nok dd ahead of earnings (feb 4th)
barclays capital did the math. if we make 7 more tsla memes than we did the previous day, over and over again every day, we can achieve infinite money printing status.
the congressional hearing in 30 seconds or less
$corn
guide for takeoff 
it aint much, but its honest work.
right after a bunch of paper handed mfs threw. give that guy some crayons 
wsb is an autistic utopia of society
how the financial press is misrepresenting $gme, getting basic facts comically wrong, and generally trying to spin this in wall street's favor
aal, amc, expr, gme, nok - the ride to the moon has just begun. history is on our side
i would say it was a good month overall  thanks gme and amc
i taught myself chitubox just to steal this file and claim it as mine to post on wsb for karma (source in comments)
wsb + the internet vs. cnbc
do you really vlad?
together we are strong, divided we fall
as im typing this, gme is at 63.74 and amc is at 7.64. if you are a real one, hold. ive lost so much money now that selling wont do me any good. hold
midday gme update. never in my wildest dreams did i think $465 would turn into $11k. that being said we like the stonk and holding on with my diamond hands.
guys, i'm so sorry.. it was a huge damage to my mental health, i hope you understand
uwmc uptrend is just starting! full dd inside post!
nscc / dtc gme rule change dd
comprehensive gme diamond hand strategy guide
dtcc uploaded the letter they submitted to congress
dont underestimate us! diamond hands for life! *contains real steel movie spoilers*
gme just added to nyse short sale restriction list!
yall doing the lords work
for the eighth consecutive year, gamestop earns 100 on the human rights campaign foundations annual assessment of lgbtq workplace equality index
goodbye student debt 
proof of collusion between citadel and robinhood
i aint selling. gme $30k/share is not a meme
hedgefund pros vs wallstreetbets
everything i could afford to lose. with you all to the end  119@123
down 1.4m in past 2 days. still holding. zero or hero. in father cohen we trust.  
gents, take this weekend to relax. turn off the computer, take a shower, relax on the beach. mental health is super important during these stressful times.
seems sen mike lee of ut is on our side too.
getting my hands on gme by any means necessary...
another wsb changed my life story
if you've never bought puts here's a free one ~ american airlines $aal ~ $19p 3/5
wsb rules - please read before posting
amc in with all of you. take this up 
apes strong together! we made it to the super bowl!
ladies and gentleman lil yachty dropping soon you know what this means
exercise caution  do not let this place turn into stocktwits
$gme soon  diamond hands 
the big squeeze - teaser trailer [hd]
$gme - a silent guardian, a watchful protector, the dog man
psa for robinhood users: take daily screenshots of account balance and holding for the forseeable future
the onion: redditors class-action lawsuit alleges robinhood on some bitch shit
things changed after this week though
wsb newbies be like...
we all did our jobs this week! get some rest and now we wait....
i swear that i will not sell this until valhalla  poland is with you
i like the stock gme and im not selling
s3 partners (short interest specialists) calling out cnbc for lying about the squeeze being over.
wsb have made the front page of the financial times.
dont call it a comeback
the year is 2063
saw this on r/investing. hold no matter what today! 
jim cramer admits how market manipulation works
wsb: fury road
don't buy rblx unless you're a retard. i'm a retard
meet kjetill sterne, the powerlifting viking who stomped the shorts on friday
anyone saying sell, sold, or look at my gains.
this guy made it to belgian msm! we are not the greedy ones, the hedgefunds are! 
wallstreetbets. it's a household name.  
psa: we arent robinhoods customers, we are their product.
oh well. i guess i aint losing if i dont sell
no more shorts
dear apes, why was rockets dividend strategy genius? ill try to dumb it down for you fuck tards.
if you do not know something or don't have solid evidence, please stop posting 'dd' because that then becomes disinformation.
gamestop was my childhood, and i will do whatever i can to ensure its survival and help it thrive as much as possible!! 
instructions unclear: bought the tip, not the dip
u/dfv the legend of baba yaga
pay your taxes, you autistic apes
i never knew it was possible to lose this much in one day with just shares
ok, everybody needs to take a few deep breaths and cool it.
the short squeeze, coming to an amc near you
moved everything to gme last friday  
we're 8.5m people here - imagine what would happen if we all bought more gme
$gme apes together strong
were baaacckk (volume up)
chris cuomo lambasted the ceo of robinhood (vlad tenev) during interview
amc all the way!!!
the hero going for the dragon's head
trivago dd ------ 
no one will forget january 29th, 2021. on this i swear. witness the reckoning.
they hate us: listen to kimmel, we are the enemy! don't ever forget how he treated us! power to the players!! gme  [audio in comments]
gme still heavily shorted. important please read.
what do you need to be a demon slayer and a hedge-fund slayer? diamond handsss
reddit is planning an ipo. here's why reddit users/moderators should be able to get in early.
daily discussion thread for february 17, 2021
im doing my part!!!
pre market green today
the battle rages on brothers (full video in the comments)
they're trying to divide us!!! don't listen. hold hold i said
113k pltr yolo. mama wood likes the stock
hold the damn line 
gme: mms have until tomorrow 2/2 to buy shares!! it can be anytime today or tomorrow! hold strong 
sop telling me to sell
i don't wanna see you sell no more baby 
blackberry loss porn - robbery 
arise! arise riders of cohen!!! wallstreetbets vs the world: the movie (full video + audio in comments)
help bb increase it's revenue by using their antivirus software bb cylance revenue=growth=tendies for us all. simple maths
support from austria. every share counts. 
it still isnt over (part 1/2) (the notebook)
university student from new zealand holding for all my fellow retards, we are riding this back up tomorrow!!!  
bought 100+ shares at open
robinhood ceo interview [unedited]
diamond hands not enough. gme price surge -> gamma squeeze -> moass
trade republik (german mobile broker) opened trading for gme, bb, nok etc again, telling people they have no connections to any hedge funds.
i miss the old cramer, straight from the 'go cramer chop up the soul cramer, set on his goals cramer i hate the new cramer, the bad mood cramer the always rude cramer, spaz in the news cramer i miss the sweet cramer, chop up the beats cramer i gotta to say at that time i'd like to meet cramer
gme - shkreli thoughts 1/29
someone needs to check up on my mans over here
found the whale(s) that were buying gme
to the moon 
this is a hedge fund insider report that was made a month ago in early february after the first gamma squeeze (continue to stick together, buy and hodl)
put it all in to gme. lets gooooo!!!
onward and upward - fuel for the meme rocket
i like the stock and free tendies
~100% gme shares held by institutions. still over 100% of the float is short. we're the captain now
bring me higher love, take me to the moon bb!!!! 
thanks to gme. this medical student can live a little  and holding 39 shares. lets get it mates 
big oof.....
bumble (bmbl) shares to go live 11th feb - could be worth a punt
bought another 1000 shares. pltr to the moon 
i bought one as a joke wtf 
do you feel weak ? then watch this for !
yolos $5k into papa musks slot car company back in march - feels good.
close your robinhood accounts!
i think i belong here
meanwhile, weed stocks
i've been watching years of salary come and go all week...and yet i'm still here. i'm writing a part of history, and so can you. to the moon 
the dark stock rises.... 
rh deactivating accounts
investment exec predicts gamestop will top $1,000 per share
our reddit movement is being called "the gamestop revolution" by historians
biden to sign executive order tied to semiconductor shortage - amd
i'm doing my part.
my gme price target
reddit ceo says activity on wallstreetbets was not driven by bots or foreign agents
wsb is literally being debated about at one of the largest dedate tournaments in the country.
gmestp exercised all 20 of my call options!!!! now we set course to the fn moon!!!! your going to have to send the swat team, no the us navy to make me sell and even then im not fn selling. sell button has been deleted!
bought 300 shares i have faith in you apes
an oversimplification of short ladders for anyone who still doesn't understand why today's dip happened
thoughts on the feb 18th hearing
thank you dfv, and the rest of you spartans for holding the line with me this last month. i still have 12k stonks and i bought some options today that i am even not sure what they even do.
indefinitely is more than $1000. gme literally can go to the moon
gme: totally fucked & loving every minute of it
i'm so proud of you guys holding the line. they tried so hard end of day to drive down the price below $320 - look at this volume on the 5 min chart.
thank u ken griffin, gabe plotkin, citadel, melvin capital and robinhood. i love u all so much!!!
never fucking selling... remember, this wont happen overnight. ignore the ups and downs. ignore the fear mongering. hold and it will happen.   
bloomberg says wsb exposed the silver market and the shortages are real.
a view on silver and why it's shit - "fuck you" edition
robinhood class action lawsuit filed in new york - who is brendon nelson
we just liked it, alright!?
well done family!!!
michigan- robinhood/td ameritrade class action lawsuit signup
did a lot of amc buying friday, now it's your turn my fellow movie goers! 5000 shares at 7.82.
seeing the lack of support in the last few hours, i'm in! it's not much, but it's what i had.
weve overcome so much, good thing we can hold forever! gme 
andrew left of shitron packing it up, probably now under investigation for market manipulation
"one more time" - an ode to gme
confidence in market completely lost.
i'm justin sun. i'll be buying $1 mil of #amc tonight!
now which retard did this?
posted yesterday about buying gme 104 @ $122.94. fuckit going balls deep, upped gme holding to 125 @ $123 and gme jan20'23 110 call @ $85. apes... stronger... together  
i was banned for good reason. i had put my last 4000 into apple calls and earned enough to pay off all my debit ($6000) but instead i put it into gme because f**k the hedge funds.i love you autists..i wont sell until $5000 a share but just even looking at this money is life changing
im a broke idiot, and cant afford much. but i want to do something of my part, i opened a fidelity and will be putting small tendie money in there too! f robinhood. if i can get cash for gme stonk i will! either way 
still doing better than people who bet on the chiefs
gme - my thoughts
psi to gme amc holders
papa elon has spoken
public allowing gme purchase 
guys dont lose hope !!!! these fuckers have premiums to pay on the short!!!! we are the ones to fear!!!!! theyll take as long as ever to cover. but not when their bleeeeddingggggg
i'm selling... my conservative etfs to buy more gme & amc !!!!!!!!
rallying call of gme - little guy versus the corrupt criminal elite, analysis, and how to beat them
$120k+ $gme yolo update 03/01: get in if you haven't!!! 
sndl dd - 2/6/21
robinhood seems to be automatically selling peoples gme shares.
mango juul pods are back!
a gme public service announcement
don't you dare leave me holding the bag you smooth brained apes. you are being robbed in broad daylight if you sell to these wankers. look. at. the. volume! holdddd baby
gme - how this week played out
sold all other stocks today and went all in on gme and amc. not selling again. paper handed gme before, never again. it's not much but it's a start. 
im not fucking selling
germany fighting hard - we will make history today! 20$ eod i dont fcking care. robinhood lifted all restrictions on trading. apes hold strong, reload and together with austists, retards, wifes without bf, papa musk, uncle dfv we will arrive on pluto. nothing matters today than gme and amc.
($spce) wsb vs ubs: the case for spce $2000
anyone feeling the stressed about gme see these charts
tomorrows the day. buy the fucking dip
im not selling and neither should you!!!
i'm just a smooth brained, diamond handed, green crayon eating, retarded autist looking for some tendies
bought 95 more!! lets gooo!! (currently holding 243 shares)
$t - at&t short term bull thesis - insider trading galore
i think all the donation/charity posts are short shills trying to convince others to spend money on gifts rather than gme
just bought 200 shares of gme from russia. i'm the same as you retards before mars sukablyad' poehali 
there is more open interest for gme this friday (3/5) than there is for 3/19! just look at this distribution
bought 900 more shares of amc today- thanks paper hands, keep giving me a deal, ill keep buying. i lock the stock, i like theatres, and its gonna be nice being able to afford $10 popcorn
hope yall still holding?
this one's for all you  out there
1-29 market dynamics, gme should be $1000+, systemic risk fears. watch out today!
either going to be very rich or very poor.
simpsons: they predicted it again!
market maker's delta exposure is over 25m shares, and how it will accelerate the short squeeze to legendary levels.
 we like this stock 
just saw reuters doxxed dfv. just want to say he did everything right, so stay strong! what a great success story for this guy. american dream.
gamestop appoints chief technology officer | gamestop corp.
white house says stock-trading tax is worth studying after gamestop frenzy
repost - beware weekend scare tactics
how to cement the wsb legend
diamond hands reporting in 
buy the dip you lovely apes buy the dip guys they are trying to scare us off it only works if we sell buy the fucking dip. when gme spikes back up 300% we will all be shoving money in our asses and laughing at these wallstreet basterds
another hobbit diamond handing it in middle earth
what bs
you have all felt it now. that rush that thrill that is wallstreetbets. either buying your first call or throwing all your money into gme. you are hooked and you are welcomed
the one time i violate my trading principles and buy a stock b/c i believe in the movement and what were standing for. holding forever. im already wiped out anyway. someone has to be the bag holder i guess. 
a message to the old-timers here.
save $amc billboard in kzoo goes viral
should the doj launch a rico investigation into robinhood, melvin capital, citadel, and apex clearing?
bb - price target raised to $22
nok: why i'm still holding (the forgotten stock)
bb  another 63 shares purchased at open. be strong and don't sell guys.
gme - march 5th $420 calls - 'ing this shit till 's or broke
let's fucking get this 
gme megathread pt. ii - 1/28/2021
wheres our $40 gift card??
daily discussion thread for january 28, 2021
$gme to the moon! billboard in portland and i couldn't be more proud! 
it ain't over 'til it's over. don't let the short ladder attacks fool you. the volume does not support the price drop, and we've been expecting this. don't do something stupid like selling! report the bots! 
short early morning update - gme german trading
linus is one of us!
$20k -> $217k in 3 months. thx to my fellow gme/bb/mara retards
we hold! the show goes on!! gme to the moon. who's with me? may the autists congregate!
hi melvin, hi capital. this is a negative post. can i have some money please?
the real moon play: multi-faceted infinite squeeze cycle
give me tendies or give me death!!! (tsla yolo/dd/bet)
$300k $gme gain...we like the stock 
see you on the battlefield tomorrow.
citadel is the largest owner of $slv amongst hedge funds - its also a tiny fraction of their book!! its 1 of 10,000+ positions. dont ruin a good squeeze through stupidity.
  all the way
pirates of wallstreet: the curse of the retard
dear retards, dont fall for the traps
gamestop integrating a digital currency rewards program??
they cant make us lose money, hold the line 
respect to the autists on this channel
ask yourself, what would gandalf do in times like this when the odds were all stacked against him?
fuck robinhood!
how i feel right now holding my 10 gme shares
gamestop update 5: the unpopular truth
some dd on $bb
rise of gme gang pt. 2
the squeeze is back on folks! buy like your life depends on it!
gme moon  cuban live on cnbc
all subtleties aside, tomorrow either big money wins or they lose. it's all on how the individuals act.
the super squeeze: media day

2.8k --> 16k. not too shabby for a broke college student. thank you wsb
boomberg says we like the stock. have we not been clear on just how much we love this stock? 
stock picking day
theres only one way this ends: with us rich and "robinhood markets inc/citadel vs. the united states"
my friend told me its going to drop. i bought it as soon as market opened anyway
gabe plotkin's testimony shows he's screwed
amc lets go to the moon
when robbin hood ipos... nobody buy that shit!!
scientists are saying people are struggling to sleep because of the moon 
why i love the amc stock
attack on stonks
490 shares @ $348. i are the retard (in canada!)
silver, an undervalued inflation hedge with short squeeze potential
we will mcfly to the 

restricted all of your buys (to the tune of american pie)
pltr yolo 200k - is this the way?!
this is a picture of gme and amc 5 day chart side by side comparison.. almost the exact same
cnbc shitty news continue
palantir and 3m expand relationship to build dynamic supply chain
today's market be like:
i shorted gme and had to cover before liquidation. i thought it was the top of the bubble and thought i could get out before anything crazy happened. it was a nightmare of sleepless nights. i expect it will take me ~5 years to save the money back up. not expecting any response. just sharing.
videos are back, reposting memes you've missed in january
you can get a ticket on a  to the  for the same price as a ticket to the movies! $amc breakout coming.
stay away from silver, apes.
if we join forces tomorrow, maybe, just maybe, we can do this. the law of equivalent exchange works both ways.
still buying
simple explanation of why im still holding 530 shares of gme
i bought heavy into amc back in october when it was $2.60 a share because i love going to movie theaters and wanted to support their return. i saw my gains drop from $20k to $10k last thursday cause of wall street, but i didn't sell. fuck them
remember when this billionaire (and inside-trader) cried live on cnbc last year? the rest of them may as well stock up on tissues for tomorrow.
important! read this! i think they did us a fucking favor!
lots of call options bought at the 12, 15, 22 strike price today. expect huge volume on the upside tomorrow! they are going to exercise tomorrow! gme back to $400 tmr            
still going strong in germany. me and my ape friends will hold and buy at dips. 
financial advice for people who just joined wsb from a degenerate veteran
thanks for the discount idiots 
whos adding $pltr with me tomorrow!!!     send it
today is judgement day. who's side are you on !?
$crsr corsair dd / earnings play
a short squeeze for dummies in 10 points.
wallstreetbets vs melvin: the movie (full video in comments with audio)
when ted wants some tendies
this is why we hold, the losses are fake, tendies are eternal
they said buy the dip. i've been buying it for a month.( pltr, spce, bb)
get tf out of robinhood
the wolf himself talking about how great we are on tv
why i am in gme
treasury secretary paid $810,000 by citadel?
germany is holding the line. other then cnbc these guys don't talk shit about gme. they even doubt that melvin closed his position! we like the stock! 
$amc nyse order imbalance 194,564.0 shares on buy side
abc/hulu special on gme saga- post interview update
close at $168
$gme brothers - bloomberg is helping our cause. take this as affirmation to hold the goddamn line. we've stricken fear into financial news - their real worry is where we go next (nok referenced). hold that god damn line.
hands of finely sorted carbon, holding despite being down 220k today. remember that icarus laughed as he fell. we shall rise with power and laugh while we drown in tendies. selling at 10k-ish.
wtf is going on? do not sell buy the dip
yolo amc 28k shares feb 5 2021. yes i bought more and stop fucking selling you retards, remember apes together stronger. ps: i'm not fucking selling. . fuck the hedge funds, and fuck the wallstreet suits.
gme: the "infinity" squeeze
people now pressuring and flat-out belittling others to admit defeat under claims of "their mental well-being" or insulting their intelligence. this wasn't about making the wisest move, this was about turning the game on it's head, so politely i say fuck that and fuck you.
actually bought calls before the hype. it aint much but its honest work. my mom lost her job in 08 and parents had to short sale their home. this is for them, never selling. were going to 
the stock market is a pendulum
my largest gme yolo account. if i can hold so can you! 
a tard's life
my finest work $tlry
reeee they cheat!! holdddd (not financial advice)
havn't been to an amc in over 5 years, i like the stock.
i'm still holding. are you? that's right, of course you are.
dont want to admit how long i waited to see that portfolio diversify. 
gme   s. they think ill sell. find my 500 shares. exercise is good.
gamestops website update and plans starting to emerge
hedge fund billionaire leon cooperman on cnbc: people are sitting at home, getting checks in the government. fair share is a bullshit concept; and it is a way for us to attack wealthy people. it is inappropriate! okay when billionaires make more billions not okay for everyone else!
if you sell now, you don't understand the core principal of trading.
intro to leaps
$bb battalion holding strong! $gme brigade to the moon
they had us in the first half, i'm not gonna lie
this is personal now
so i was made aware today that i was mentioned in the new york times. pretty fucking cool. not selling 
important post on brokers
rkt short fee just updated , still 81.4%...hmmm i remember when this happened to gme right before it went to ~$500
you are not alone. you, me, dfv, and so many retards around the world all stood strong together today. still holding, still winning!
we should listen to mark cuban for $gme $amc $nok $amrn  
buying 260 more on monday at open hold
charts! how to become a retard
tell melvin who we are
robinhood moved the goalposts yet again and started executing options an hour early!
this is the way!
msm says $gme hype has fizzled i guess this crayon sucking  tard didnt get the memoride or die bitches 
stonks on a plane
wsb vs the world
sec just put out this statement. they're with the brokers. we have our orders: holddddddd!!
congress will hold hearings on what rh and ib today. this escalated quickly. hopefully real reform happens.
thanks vlad!!!!
can't stop. won't stop. gamestop.
i bought the maximum allowed by robinhood (spent $12,198 for all 100). i am gonna hold with you fine folks.
another devastating hit, europoors using trading212 can have their positions closed anytime. no new positions as well we will hold as long as we can!
ready for tomorrow with banana  
this aged well: comment on u/deepfuckingvalue's first post
from russia with love 
bullshit. they even started faking this
dfv talks to the wall street journal
locked and loaded in pltr  almost got margin called on friday 
here is a soundtrack for you mad bastards today, it's called diamond hands
its clear to me members of congress are appealing to the popularity of this sub.
to the people who are scared of missing the gme 'squeeze', you will know when it happens. (aka gme endgame)
how to read dd on wsb.
how to make tendies. a comprehensive guide.
thought it would be fun to try and grow this account from $4k to $20k by end of year. task failed successfully
you bought into gme over $100 (or amc over $10)-what to do now that you're long
primates of the caribbean: at short's squeeze (a work of complete fiction)
panda express is with us! im 30 shares in
set your limits to $69,420 were going to the moon you retards!
i don't think these hedgies understand just how retarded some of us are. here are some bags i've been holding since 2016. 
i want to buy gme in australia please help me join the fight with 
liquified all my assets and bought my first gme stock last friday. sent with love from south korea. hold
there is already an insane amount of mis-info in finance media talking about discussions on this subreddit
the real story behind gme.
i panicked and bought +22 gme and +70 amc shares today. lets gooooo (and this will help pay off my ~100k student loan)
the post earnings rkt play - rocket to the moon (tendie time)
quick we need to buy more!
gamestop frenzy proves that wall street is a 'rigged game' says elizabeth warren
gme and tom brady
$200 to $600k since jan. 12 $gme $bb
buy high and hold bb to the moon
when my friends ask if i exercise.
bipartisan support of robinhood investigation
ny times bs article about gme
high gme valuation explination, the price is justified.
do you see!
bb is truly fomo. i just see  and 
the tendie defender is here to hold gme open
nyse has halted shorts for gme. these short sale holders are selling to each other to stop further losses.
$gme - hold guys - to the moon! 
a word of caution from me, the guy who made no money on gme... and yes, i'm still holding a lot. 
movie theaters opened friday in the chicago area - amc monday 
to the newcomer
gme  
discussion: logically, gme short interest in the finra report should disappoint
gamma squeeze confusion
this is d-day. my friends:
did i do good ma?
i will never buy digital games again and $gme is why. maybe you shouldnt either.
time to show them the power of destruction (fun fact: i didn't even have to change the original subtitles, because they are so damn accurate lol)
the inside of my brain on a saturday morning after never buying gme
we like the stock
theres a lot of misinformation about what everything means (cost to borrow, 13g filings etc)
im not freaking selling!! holding 
if you panic sell right now
the difference between yesterday and today on gme? the call/put ratio
gme the anime
the 1/28 gme smoking gun in the room...
hold gme 
will always remember this.
fuck this hoe. we ride at dawn fellas.
your congress people are on your side! stop spreading fud! the highlights here!
why i think $sndl has massive potential
bought a bunch of $gme at 365 like a retard, bought the tip at 80 to cover my lost 
im proud of being part of history.
i didnt lose money, i paid to be on the right side of history.
your broker restricted trading, and the shorts broker may too when $gme squeezes
after the gamestop fiasco, momentum builds for an $800 billion tax
media demonizing gme buyers will keep paper hands out
we like the stock and we like the store! if the company succeeds so will we! we will also be helping the employees / fellow tards working there. help out your local community! im doing my part, are you? autists, roll out! #occupygamestop
ill diamond hand till the end!!! robinhood should delete sell button until 1000$!! 
$ubs ready to rip
the missing catalyst everyone is waiting for.
~120000 order about to pop off on gme 
at market open, i'm selling...
day to reflect before battle
short squeeze traders next target: being able to pay rent
signs (of apes returning to gme) 
a comment i just found i think everyone needs to hear. #gme
43k gme loss porn thanks to buying restrictions on the underlying
doh! deleted tweet from michael burry
amc blockbuster dd: the sequel
itll be kinda neat if my rkt pays off my rkt mortgage  this is a deep value play + goodies ie boss ceo, spac like structure, and management that was to kill the shorts.
at a certain point the pain doesn't hurt any more.
put a little cherry on top.
not selling until 10k!! kiss my ass robinhood 
the squeeze hasn't squoze!
prediqt founder says citadel was alerted ahead of time when rh was going to limit trading.
they see me fallin...sweden holding strong since thursday
cant collapse because we only hold around here. god i hate these people
apes in outer space
gme launch event tomorrow morning  
$gme you treated me like a princess today, while everything else let me down, you held me up. you are my knight and shining, you are everything !
heres some nice loss porn
that right there is dvf yolo today arround 4:30 pm. premarket looking great
the greatest wallstreetbets story of all time.
i think hedge funds have infultrated wsb
15k to $300 bucks. humbling moment. see yall in 3 months 
i'm just realizing that brokers putting limits on buys means huge moves are coming...
$gme - this is a full blown war right now. it' go time. it's do or die. 
the squeeze have ben lit!!!
(redacted) these fuckers doxxed deepfuckingvalue?!!?! 
'you've got to have a cop on the beat': elizabeth warren slams sec over gamestop chaos
uwmc dd - a swing play, value play, and long term hold rolled into one.
they knew the gamma squeeze was coming on gme, they killed it dead in its tracks to protect their book. look at that put call ratio, today would have been historic.
if i can hold, you can hold!!!!!! 
who do you think can hold out longer!? youre account losing money? or billionaires having to pay more every day due to interest!?
gme  must read
the total short value could be underreported - fines for underreporting are a fucking joke
paper hand bitch lol
serious dd on the greeks for options explained and an analysis of a call option example - the final paper
robinhood after the hearings
$gme $amc to the moon. also, robinhood sucks.
you mad lads actually did it, you gave the finger to wall street.
new york attorney-general reviewing robinhood blocking the buying of gme
gme simplified: supply vs. demand
spent the last few days making a website to track who's holding the most on gme, amc, and nok 
boring but useful information for new traders hopping into options
huge order in gme rn
devastated to see gme tank... so i bought more 
aoc bringing on @chamath on twitch tonight @ 8:30est
what is coming next 
am i the only retard that notices a giant spike for the day in google finances graph around 2:05 est and missing from the robinhood graph below for gme today?
as of 0330 pst god speed 
make sure to look up the moon tonight, cuz i'm there buddy 
im sorry i put in my sell order...... because they gonna buy all these from me while we chillin im dimension k273
$skt $skt  why tanger outlets has the most potential for 30x tendies. the apes have become more retarded
fear inducing ads
we can stay retarded longer than wsb can stay solvent.
 pltr, palantir will moon 
one stonk to rule them all
it aint much, but im in! from germany to the moon ! 
getting pumped for monday, love this movie. a wallstreet tale. $gme $amc 
$100k pltr and crsr yolo update.  . im in my mid 20s, what could go wrong?
$150k+ gme yolo update 03/04: i could get used to this steady growth 
some retard bought 105 billboards in montral, qc 
i like this stock 
robinhood has literally shut down the ability for us to buy certain gme calls in an effort to help save the hedge funds
full 401k yolo into the $apha merger arbitrage play
u/deepfuckingvalue movie coming
the consecuences of what happened yesterday with gme
amc to the moon  spain is in the game 
life changing gains for me. but the only gains that will truly make me satisfied is when these people finally concede to their mistakes. it's not about money for me it's about sending a message.
$nok, $nok nokia is joining the party with $gme $amc $bb
the sec are fucking gaslighting us, fuck them, hold
someone fuckin try to stop me from losing more i dare you
down 40k and aint even flinching. hold. the. freaking. line!!!! 
please watch the big short this weekend
gme technical analysis part 2 (again..)
amd has entered the war my brothers. melvin & the band of losers are milking amd dry to pay for their short positions.
the wallet (2020) tim dillon
robinhood capping $gme at 5/shares at open for friday (29 jan 21)
it can be over 9000!!!
amc, gme,bb, nok ... what is next? what to expect?   real picture, no bs
doesn't take a rocket  scientist!!!
i have to get something off my chest...
attack on wall street pt. 2 (audio and normal speed version in comments)
7k -> 104k -> 46k within a month. no i havent slept why do you ask?
i love the movies: part 1
another terminator-themed gif to motivate the troops
$98 -> $21k ... were coming back for the astronauts left at $500 and taking them to infinity and beyond
status of gme calls expiring tomorrow (uses math)
breaking: warren demands sec address market manipulation, gamestop surge
im retarted but i really love my 1.73 stocks
wsb discussion this week
implications of bullshit sec shutdown of trading gme?
first 95 bought today and i'm ready to go!
gme | second act | margin call explained | amc & other high short interest stocks
had to open a fidelity account cause robinhood ass. got a loan and im back in. and im not fucking leaving
just copped 30 shares at the discounted price! 
i'm sorry mods, you try hard!
this is not the first time rh has screwed me. here's a letter from my girlfriend detailing how they have stolen every cent she's made.
screw robinhood! lets take out talents elsewhere
eu increased scrutiny on short-sellers
stonkstory - spent a portion of the day making this and holding! don't back down! (vid too long for reddit, so i had to divide it up- sorry)
the sec will not help the little guy
go time
he lives 
psa: if you're new to the game, don't forget to file 1099-b and pay taxes next year
the state of $gme and wsb
robinhood sent me a half assed apology email, here is my response
congress is blaming robinhood
id rather fucking die than sell!! buy & hold cunts!
 > 
is $slv a trap?
god i told myself it was a dumb idea but fomo got the better of me
made this for you dumb apes to remind you not to fucking sell diamond hands
did somebody call for backup? lurker here. with you autists til the end.
r/investing be like
robinhood is a crucial element in this battle. dont let them off the hook.
it ain't much, but i'm with you boys
loss porn for all the new people here. yoloed my entire account at open and lost most of it in 4 min. also, gme 
robinhood was never our friend! never forget and lets make these fuckers pay
i had $500k+ a couple days ago - im not selling! we havent even squeezed the squoze!
stonk by stonk
i was wrong. today i sold my position
my boomer mom's opinion on what's happening, and the importance of us getting ahead of the narrative
robinhood sells information they gather from their customers to the hedge funds who use it for their advantage.
aussie here chipping in for $amc! one share of $gme already! 
what's better... millions of new millionaires, or a couple corrupt billionaires?? 
give them nothing, but take from them... everything
robinhood conveniently sells my call for me out of no where right before amc rises 15%. this is ridiculous and shouldnt be allowed to happen.
chill out palantards, you just got pranked
you can't stop us no matter who you are.
psa: *after this is over*, you can transfer shares without converting to cash
  today is the day people   
i love $gme so much i'm ordering $gme products for the house. 7xgme shirts (one for each day of the week). damn i love this company.
for those about to rock, we salute you.
dfv isnt going to sell, sec just looking to hurt the little guys
bought @ 400, 300, 200, sold all at 260, netted -14k. bought in again on some fomo shit on the way down. damn near gave up. thank you all for coming back for my fat ass
i mean, look at these hands!
$30 to $13830
gondor has come with aid
literally two days ago billionaires were crying on live tv. just look at how they sabotaged $gme. wait til the 9th when we know what the actual shorting interest is. from the dd ive seen from people around here, its def way higher than youd think.
i was down +100k, now i'm feeling little better but still long way to go!! 706 shares @ $200!!  did not sell @ $480+
attack on hedge funds
my fear and lack of self trust attributed to me missing out on the tsla, crsp, uav, and gme booms. don't be like me; find your passion, do your due diligence, and ride it to the moon.
got this text from my dad this morning about the alleged silver short. not financial advise, just good parenting for big dumb strong  apes. power to the players.
three scenarios we win; one scenario we lose
robinhood not letting you buy more than 1 share? here's an alternative.
amc is on sale! i like the stock!
the modern day witch-hunt that has become wsb and a plea for the revival of the old wsb.
last minute purchase before the market closed today.
thread carefully - lots of low karma shenanigans afoot
i jumped on the switch donation bandwagon. its not a lot because i havent sold yet! im in australia and bought this from eb games (owned by gamestop) and donated it to the queensland childrens hospital. there will be a lot more coming their way after the squeeze! hold  
more disinformation coming
this was obvious, should have backed the truck up
large majority of gme retail holders shares eligible to be shorted! call your brokers!
everyone holding gmc&amc right now have got giant fucking nuts
robinhood ceo: "we're helping those left behind by wall street, not hedge funds". don't let them fool you!
hedge funds facing anti trust lawsuit
still fuk bear.
when gme, amc go to the moon. dd on where to invest next.
ive bought gme at $17, $40, $100, $300. i just like the stock
i'm normally the biggest paper handed wuss ever but i bought the $27 high, full fucking send rock-hard diamond fisting my 50 shares of bb and 10 24/25 call credit spreads lets take this to the moon next week. it's not even about money anymore, and that means alot coming from my broke ass.  
margin call? yes.... negative cash balance? of course... risk level?? safe.
$1000 gme gang donation to ablegamers - they provide specialized assistance and setups for less able gamers among us. my small part to the cause... stay strong apes and  #powertotheplayers
not coming from money has made it easy to hold
holding the fuckin line like everybody should... the squeeze haven't been squoozed yet 
+$90k on some good old fashioned spy fd puts today
feels good man
this is my stock. there are many like it, but this is my own. i too like this stock.
important: newcomers read
why the short squeeze cannot go on forever
theyre trying to divide us with this silver nonsense. stay strong, stay together and stay the fuck away from slv
cathie woods is buying more tesla    we like the stock
for fucks sake hold!!! this shit is gonna pop gme!!! amc!!! 
in 2008 wall street hid failure to delivers behind non-sec regulated ex-clearings. the sec released a report warning against this in the future. it is likely happening again, covering for counterfeit shares behind the scenes
in 2007 citadel lobbied the sec to ban payment for order flows...
wsb munching on our goddamn tendies
fidelity should make theie mobile app user friendly
-642k still holding!
top 3 things for the noobs to learn
the 10 bagger that has been in front of you all along
bored that market is closed and you can't stare at a line go up all day? here are a few entertainment suggestions
im in $55k deep on $uwmc yolo 3/19 $15 calls, laugh at me while you got a chance because these gonna start printing 
hold and dont sell!! 12 minutes after marker open thus bitch will hit $700 by market fucking close!! gme & bb 
let this be the fuel for the fire today - not one mention of the broker cut-off on trading of shares
keep buying amc
when your favorite stock dips
pltr's absolutely insane capital structure and why it's actually a competitive advantage. 
canadian diamond ape squad reporting for duty
welp here goes nothing. $6,000 on $500.00 gme 3/12 calls
reddit group wallstreetbets behind massive gamestop, amc run-ups goes private, invitation required
lets go monkeys
protest outside robinhood headquarters
gme yolo update. yall came back for me, so i bought 15 more shares.
we are shareholders of the company gme, as shareholders, we are allowed to discuss the price we want to sell at.
a letter to this generation
markets set for bearish phase beginning feb 9th as the planet mars assumes complete control over the dow jones.
don't count $bb out!
bought in dec and hold most from the 1st round. sold and yolo'd more in just before liftoff today 
a very accurate retelling of the past couple of days. 
whos with me?
the view from the top was okay - 50k to 350k and now at 93k. not flinching, lets go.
why are we still talking about robinhood? change broker.
$amc gains i ended up yoloing $16,303.41 at an average of $3.89 a share when my account was roughly worth 23k. because im a smooth brain i sold when they shut down trading on robinhood. i now hold 115 shares (max allowed) never selling
robinhood at it again!!
the legend of the stock (preview-3) (full movie on my profile)
both are retarded, but whose side would you rather be on?
wsb discussion today. i get the impression that some people still like the stock.
not too sure why everyone is scared? im kinda happy it dipped today, i can buy thousands more shares before it flies  we are actually so fucking lucky to have this opportunity!  #amc #gme
robinhood ceo interview cnbc
the real short that could collapse establishment hedges $slv
media informs everyone the distraction it's been publishing doesn't even make sense
the media is now quoting posts from wallstreetbetsnew that have no upvotes and no comments. they are dying for a story. keep wsb private!
using a video game quote to comment on gme
 coming to random highway stretches in california near you... here's yet another billboard campaign to add on the rocket 
funds losing big on gme & co, setting off liquidations and probably causing the whole market to tumble
robinhood not allowing us to withdraw money?
the interstellar yoyo 
trading limits on monday to 1 share of gme
what is really behind the amc meeting on may 4th ?!
tdlr forbes just told the bears to sit down and that were going to mars 
gme update - bought more. yolo!!
a class action lawsuit is cheaper than having to actually cover their asses
*mods!* can we get a stickied thread to discuss better trading apps than robinhood?
these clowns are going down, who is everyone switching to?
this is a value play and it always has been, regulators pls read
petition to add gamestop to the s&p 500
a word of caution about whats to come
palantard$ annihilating 's
omg stop with the qanon marketwatch
well, if you insist...
gme emergency shareholder meeting >> link
so tired of being manipulated and will not take it anymore
everyone posting their gains. this is my best week yet.
did everyone forget about amc?
i spent the last week or so telling myself this is fine but today its hitting me that is is not fine
we like the stock
is elon musk planning to invest in gme?
another week, another opportunity !! hype video to keep those diamond hands strong 
 why $rkt is a good play; a collection of dd with a tl/dr 
weed gains - 8k - 140k - 3 years loss recovered
still we hold! if i can take over a milli in losses today and continue holdinghold your fucking positions! i sure as hell didnt hear no bell! this is our time to shine! (buying the dip at market opening) #bleedwallstreet
rage bought 21 shares at $350 this morning
imagine being a multi millioner hedgefund manager, dedicating your life to the stock market, only to be beaten by this lots of retards.
holding my amc! its not a loss until you sell!  gonna buy more tomorrow!
i'm all about robinhood cancel culture
my brain is so smooth, but my hands are diamond. good luck dfv, let me know when you find the sell button.
hold is gold
i was sent here to post this...
top buyers, we're coming for you. 
surprise sneak attack
open up, it's time for the pill!!!!! 
they left a note. you guys suck! you can never pull together as well as one and revenge us, that is why you suck!
lets set the record straight
blackberry to the rescue
attack of the autists
i owe you guys an apology
gme call options expiring itm today
in germany we dont say sell - we say hold
diamond hands baby!!! 
new wallstreetbets app icon! go to preferences and change the app icon there. thought yall would wanna know.
the misinformation campaign continues
fellow amc apes - why you should not sell amc yet when you break even.
i will own gamestop - update mar 8, 2021
mr stark, i dont feel so good...
feb 25 in review - red wedding, except...
etoro literally scamming a, setting a forces stop loss to 20%. now claims price is 18$
if hes still in it, im still in it (swipe for positions)
#pltr amazon deal
why apha is an alpha trade in the short and long-run (actual dd)
gme morning rally call megathread
we are not your friends.
stonks always go up! i'm holding! 
mark cuban, dave portnoy, aoc and others react to robinhood restricting trades on gamestop and amc
where are you donating a portion of your squeeze profits once this is all said and done?
this is why you hodl! we like the stock 
 rkt to the ! lets go  dan gilbert handing out tendies 
stop letting (some) people who have never spoken up for "us little guys who get screwed in this market" to get free clout from this sub...
the aggressive media campaign to promote silver (worldwide at the same time)...
bloomberg lies - even my parents are remarking on how i "missed my chance to sell high"...

the wsb index: quantifying r/wallstreetbets ludicrous performance in 2021
ig group restricts trading on gamestop and amc due to extreme volatility - ig people find new platform! we cannot stop buying now gme amc 
thoughts on the recent crash hysteria
amc gain lets do gamestop numbers booooys 
ex-sec chief: reddit-fueled gamestop frenzy was not a modern-day p&d scheme
gme is far from over. regulation will come soon.
all eyes on us. let's do the thing.
we'e only just begun
lol, mainstream media keeps talking bullshit $gme  
robinhood will fuck you when the short squeeze actually happens...
let this be a lesson to you all: any community that gets its laughs by pretending to be idiots will eventually be flooded by actual idiots who mistakenly believe that they're in good company.
$slv preparing for takeoff 
balls deep. lets do this. amc!
citadel, melvin - why options didn't trade for 15 mins today. long gme, go on spy qqq
$gme is on sale! buy or hold. this is my entire life savings.
$wwe. can you smell what the stock is cookin?
did i do it right by not selling when i was up $8k? 
are you still holding....
this is the way.
dfv and gme, my first meme vid i hope yall like it
buy the dip they said...
pltr loss porn. 100k loss today. down 280k total on pltr. plus another 5k on option
how hedgies can use synthetic longs to make it appear theyve covered and its legal...ish
wall street week ahead for the trading week beginning february 15th, 2021
it ain't much but it's everything i've got 
we... shall not... sell!
to all you hedge fund overlordsi hope the interns you commanded to troll through these posts share this message.
hold or fucking die
what happened last week was not a sell-off!
why gme is down
amc and gme comparison on the chart, thats complete manipulation. still holding no matter what.
another billboard ca i-99(s) 2/3-2/9 near visalia
co-founder of robinhood said what? gme   and he and his app to jail
wall street's criminal past report [must read]
put what i could into bb, don't let me down
daily discussion thread for february 05, 2021
melvin capital management has closed short on cdproject!
vladimir tenev & baiju bhatt (co-founders of robinhood) are ex-high frequency traders -- an expose.
went to sell multiple times.. but with everyone else holding i couldn't do it . hello fellow retards 
i miss the old r/wallstreetbets
i don't have a lot of money, but i'm retard enough to support you with all i got from germany! hold to the moon!
the tears taste delicious, keep holding
a big ol fuckin red day may be coming
 operation moon $nok nok!! 
$pltr   
more cnn - link to the thread in comments
don't ever sell, or why $gme is so important.
not bad for $800 investment.
thank you wallstreetbets. my first $20+ bagger. rkt 
upvote if you have diamond hands, hold the line
please contact your local representatives! i can not beg and stress enough how important it is to put real pressure on these hedge funds and brokers. we started a war with some very powerful people and without the support of our reps, we will lose... the small guy has always lost.
i fucking love you retards
the only nokia dd you need.
update: i said if i could turn $3k into $100k by christmas i would donate $10k to charity. getting there. positions: gme 2/5 300 call, amzn 2/5 3500 call, 2/5 spy 380 call.
template to contact your senators/congressman to make dtcc testify
did you lose gme money today? read this.
if you have itm calls expiring today
the line is being held. we those.
i bought the dip, did you?? 17k 
here we go again.
what is 1,000 x $1,000?
they cant phase me. im an ex recovering gambling addict. bust or to the moon. i aint selling. 
this is what dfv did. bow down to the king 
uwmc most shorted with 0 shorts available 
welcome to the future
just keep holding 
bb - a long and factual look at chen's hints and predictions during earnings calls
canada's in on the criminal activity too. wealthsimple not letting be buy gme
why finra and the others' sis don't line up
don't loose it guys!
rocket science for retards
gme relationship to amc
buys dip keeps dipping. this is the way
meanwhile... while melvin sleeps $gme
im a shareholder!!!!! 
fuck off with your bag holding shaming.
no ape shit: the shorts are simply preparing for the squeeze
hold indefinitely. get paid interest. bleed them dry.
im very pissed. but i bought 20 more shares today. im not fucking. selling ... period. if were wrong were wrong, i feel like jordan belford and mark cuban are tryna signal us to stay strong cuz doomsday is near. and its bigger than we think it is. they not gonna go down without a fight
this was just funny! texans, vote gonzalez!!!
19 and i like the stock
stonk wars, episode v: the market awakens  only a sith deals in silver  the $gme will fly to the third moon of endor
mom! look - i got diamond hands!
instructions unclear, bought more gme
gme historical survey of the systemic problem of shorting non-existing stock (naked shorting) in relation to recent events
stop panicking! the $gme short squeeze will happen!
gme has 21,515 fewer options active at close today vs open
cancel your $420 sell limits
please read this you apes. this will be longer than we thought.
prepare yourselves for a bloody red monday.
[bb]   in action.
lets look at gme from a non-bias standpoint
psa: fidelity has a page to request a full account transfer from robinhood; choose individual account as the type. requires an existing fidelity account
moderator change announcement
$gme changed my life :-)
whos still holding?! 
there's only room for one "ape" in this town 
if $gme hits $250 again by february 12th at close, im going to donate a few switches & games to my local childrens hospital.
multiple posters on yahoo finance would like to warn us about "misinformation," using the exact same words... so they must be in complete agreement!
 mfing finessed my way out of all cc debt (20% apr) and was able to turn off margin trading (10k) with my gains. im crying rn thank you wsb and gme
melvin can pry these 730 shares from my cold, dead hands 
what to do if you lost money on gamestop, amc, or other meme stocks 
i think pltr is invincible rn and in the long run.
"first time into stocks" type of retard here, bought way too fucking high but i dont care, still holding 
literally nobody is selling. riding the rocket with you guys keep holding
remember - fidelity loaning out your shares to shorts if you're on a margin account
nok plans to buy back 550 million shares!!  the 21 million 'new' shares are for obligations! you see: don't follow the fud and do your own dd 
im sick of the media lying, im sick of these weasel hedgefunds. i sold all of my other shares at a loss just to buy gme. all in yolo diamond hands 
update: i expected today to be green ngl, bought 130 shares last week (330$/share), when market opened this morning and i saw the drop i had the reaction every great autist  would have -funded my account and bought more- holding 392 shares atm with 101k mv, i just like this stock 
remindme to remindyou how much you should really have listened.
stock trading for dummies 101
just got real 50 shares @ $110 to the moon 
amd dd / stock analysis  [technical, fundamental & dcf] & $amd stock forecast [short & long term]
new digital exclusive gpk card inspired by the wsb community!
r/wsb & gme during january, colorized
thoughts about the actual value of gme stock.
gme call exposure at $250 - details in comments
apes alone weak. apes together strong.
blame the shorts who cannot pay. their inability to pay for trades on a massive scale are what lead to increased capital requirements at dtc and firms not allowing new purchases.
i've always been a paperhanded bitch but i'm holding this fuckery like a diamond hand chad. will be adding more if it dips more. fucken hold
if oil can drop below zero, then gamestonk can go to the moon    
please, melvin. stop. my wee wee can only get so hard.  tripled down and bought 54 more shares in another account yesterday to top off. 250 shares of $gme @ 40, 70, 100, 118, 217 
holding the line . $gme to the moon
hold gme!!!! -65% still holding
green uranium....yes.
lets rock this shit fellow retards!! amc!! 
got out of robinhood!
gamestop institutional broker trades off the exchange ("upstairs")
thank you for welcoming me into wsb , i love it here 
the only market manipulation we allow.
holy shit i spent all day making this and it sucks but its for the lulz because i love rocket ships to the moon.
tesla is about to unveil an updated cybertruck, elon musk says
thanks $amc and all you tards, i started saving late for retirement but this caught me up! love yous!
1/28/2021 in a nutshell
loss porn. i could've had $20gs and ready to buy a house, but i wanted melvin and the other shills on wall st to lose more than i ever could gain. this is a sacrifice i'm willing to make. if gme and amc don't hit the moon, i'm okay with it getting stuck among the stars.
all-in with 50k of my retirement as of this morning. holding 25k of losses. see 65y/o me on the moon! 
down to the last period - gme - pep talk
the swamp is back in full force
you guys have inspired me to a level ive never felt before
ever lost 1.7 million?
gamestonk intro
fuck it im in! only 5 share but at $5000 per share thats a nice pull!!!!
a strong case for the tlry shorts - don't be left holding a bag
when a  wakes up after a red day to check morning futures.
insider info
lets go  $amc
[gme] if you have in-the-money calls expiring tomorrow (1/29) you need to be very careful as there will be a halt going through closing.
pa attorney general josh shapiro sides with wsb
how the us market seems no different from the chinese reality after today - foreign retail investor perspective.
fixed it for ya op 
to infinity and beyond!!!!
you son of a bitch. im in.
february was not my month....
$rkt...there has been some misinformation being spread on here about a looming short squeeze. i have actual data showing why that narrative does not make sense.
gme drippp 
finally some green... glad im retarded and didnt sell at a massive loss. even if it goes down tomorrow ill bang my head into the wall until im too retarded to push the sell button
i like the stock - pure, squeeze-free value analysis of gme
hedge funds probably
1108 shares between robinhood and schwab. 57k -> 345k. i ain't leaving 
i found our official board game gme  ($354)
 proud to be part of this epic historical moment.  lets fking gooo
dads yoloing 10k tomorrow...god speed fellow autist!
bb stock long term. a future player in electric vehicles?
saw on facebook that firstrade says they wont be stopping buying tomorrow!!
it's so easy to hold. you literally just do nothing. maybe eat a pizza, play video games, watch your wife with her boyfriend..
my worst investment of 2020
we must fight against censorship. wsb is showing how censorship can effect us all if we don't reject it.
half a million $gme losses still holding 
the force awakens
i guess 5s all im doin for now 
fellow partial owners of gamestop, what are you buying your wifes boyfriend for valentines day?
comcast is a hidden enemy in this story
diamond hands. the worst is over. nothing can shake me off now. adding more gme monday!
gamestop wont stop cant stop grew e-commerce revenue 309% 
heeyyy yooouuuu guuuyyyssss!!!! it's our time now  
gme autist love story.
what is all this talk about uwmc
they will double down on their tricks tomorrow...pay attention!
is this true? will the gates of hell unleash on the big guys
calm your tits
support group for fomo weed gang
people holding gme
for those that havent seen it, mark cuban is doing a ama on this sub lol. hes telling us to hold. just saying.
yolo the amount you can afford to lose.. avoid depression. pls.
psa: fellow , please read this because i want to you all to keep your tendies and have a great life.
my wifes boyfriends kids want me to make them eggs but i keep breaking them with these diamond hands!!
rh is limiting these stocks by the way https://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2021/01/robinhood-bans-reddit-stocks-wallstreetbets-gme-cciv-sndl-jagx-amc-nok-bb/amp/
recent technical analysis of gme
gme up 20+% today!
germany holding strong 
fuck the hedge funds; diamond hands. amc to the moon
robinhood freezes stock as soon as short ladder attacks fail
weekend discussion thread for the weekend of february 05, 2021
robinhood sold my options contracts without my permission way below market value
i blacked out and woke up with more gme
the psychology of having diamond hands
gentlebulls, today is our day
pltr calls over 10000%, hedge funds loading up!
shoutout arbitrage andy for this masterpiece. hold the line.
$gme and $amc - remove stop losses to prevent manipulation to activate them and remove your sell limit orders or raised them gme to $1000 and amc to $300. contracts will expire worthless today and wall street also has to cover and buy
gme reality check - days to cover / short ratio (as of 01/29/2021)
melvin ceo's congressional hearing statement
notes about bb, cylance, amazon, kuiper, antennas, and why i'm 1000% okay with buying bb at $20.
gme - if you don't have diamond hands , stop checking your portfolio, involve yourself in work, gardening, cook something but if you keep checking the market every 5 mins, you will get paranoid and will try to sell as soon as you break even and that's more dangerous - don't cave in !!!
why you should hold. opportunity still exists. *long read 10 min* realistic outlook.
-$114.7k (-92%) in 1 month
just sold my new pc that i got for my 13th birthday to buy gamestop shares, i believe in you guys! 
goes down, we buy more$gme 
me on my way to meet y'all on the main rocket after buying some $bb and $gme
td and robinhood closing calls @2!! didnt notify me until 2:04
amc $420  gme $6969
corsair earnings play, the dd you've been waiting for
psa: the outsider influence coordinate attacks have gotten smarter. details on how to do dd on posters inside.
amc hold the line
oh sick thanks robinhood, really appreciate it.
9.4 million people, congrats.
i dont think ive ever been so anxious for the market to open tomorrow!
take a moment to thank your local wsb mod
the people on "our side" telling you it's ok to quit?
the tri-force is complete
the biggest weed/cannabis companies on a rip! its not too late to get into one of the biggest and best potentials! what are your weedstock plays?
here's a view of how it went from the short sellers perspective
don't sell - transfer in kind to another broker
i'm back from my suspension! in my downtime i told the sec who they need to be looking at here...
if you have buying power and are holding call options, exercise your options
wed am gamma analysis & trading day retrospective on gme, tlry, apha, sndl, crsr, amc
view from your future, a short story.
dont get scared at amc stock
 the fed just had to tweet out that they arent a bank because of an influx of confused boomers. what a time to be alive 
new gme holders this week
gme gain. im still in disbelief. withdrew $30k and one big step closer to being debt free. 36 years old and married, no car payments now.
showing support from autistria. it aint much but its all i got.
we shall never surrender. every hour is our finest hour!
inversing wsb is not what you think.
put another 10k in. we will win this shit. dont fold!
who's with me, we got some fucking drinking to do tonight boy!!!
billboard scene in portland
jnj vaccine efficacy. im going in deep tomorrow!
webull opened for trading gme and amc!
i woke up on the 23rd and saw i lost most of my gains overnight. then, i did what any of you retards wouldve done. i sold everything and yolod gme. fuck hedgies. fuck tendies. ferraris or food stamps for me.
[gme] some stats around yesterdays selloff that will show you that melvin unsuccessfully attempted to screw us over yesterday
$gme diamond hands pro trip
last week!! imagine if i had all these calls expiring this week!!!
can you see him? it has appeared, he show the way... this is the way
attack on wall st: worst girl
tough week for the suits
if everything moons, $nok moons. if (not when) everything crashes, $nok wont be lower than $4. im all in on $nok because thats basic expected value
im done
$gme 130 shares for $120.5. ill buy on monday more or ill hold i dont care. i like the dips and the stock 
wsb is what reddit once was, the ceo should take note.
all roads lead to citadel
the last motivational post you'll need for your diamond hands 
really? i cant even buy gme or amc for now? 
put ridiculous sell limits on your shares! this prevents them from being borrowed to be shorted! if they dont want us to buy and only sell then come and get them at a 1000% mark up! 
$gme up 13% from yesterday in europe!
this subreddit changed
webull says hold! 
tattoo bet on $amc
i remember when $19 was the top, and felt retarded. whos the retard now? never sold never will     
lmao anyone want to work for a company that believes financial markets should be accessible to all? looks like someone is scared of regulation...
use fidelity or vanguard [new buyers]
my portfolio in the last 2 weeks - rip
important! if the nyse announces a halt on trading on gme, it will only hurt the shorts. 
reminder: the volkswagon chart pulled back hard for 6 straight days before liftoff in 2008
one of you   has a limit sell at 69,420 for amc and i love you
the  buttrape express departs next week. pack enough viagra and cocaine for the after party on mars.
still hodling   
new short interest data $gme
pig fuckers to the front of the line - lets go you retards!!!!
for shills and new blood.
rkt yolo update - mar 4 2021
hims and open yolo update: $157k to $3mm. cathie continues to buy both!
nok nok, whose there?
wsb on main italian national tv  letsgooo
is this enough? or more?
deep value driver
where is the loss porn?
why $rkt is the catalyst to send $gme to the moon
"but how are you apes so strong together?" the answer:
we started the fire. i love you guys.
is this even legal??? not my account i saw this on twitter.
hold it!!!
gme hypothesis: proportional trend mapping
if anyone is telling you "ohh gme is a bubble." well just tell them to f*ck off and put their money where their mouth is.
lets make this saturday, 1/30, gme gets tendies day.
nothing matters at this point. just hold and wait, you'll get your tendies soon
which of you retards misinterpreted what squeeze meant
4 feb 2021 part 1 - relax
a video i did when gme first dropped
elon tweeting this out could be the last chance to save all the meme stock bagholders (full video + audio in description)
the 20 most used words, found in comments, on 3/6/21.
hold gme hold gme hold gme
i bought gme and amc at the peak, but i'm still fucking holding until the end. we are in this together 
these are my ladder attacks for you hedgiesss !  here to stay ! 
they are hurting! rbc (royal bank of canada) direct investing has disabled all gme etrading.
gme short squeeze (jimmy neutron)
its not a loss unless you sell
don't forget to give back some of your tendies to charity and your community. a lot of businesses have been struggling this past year while the melvins of the world were getting richer and popping champagne. made some bones on amc calls so decided to give it back to my local theater.
update: gme 
big ape 
who is still holding???
it's a little rough today but hang in there! stimmy is on its way.
buy and hold gme!!!!
robinhood: it may not be too late to save yourself.
i got in this morning boys! i would have bought more if not for the restrictions!
have you tried the gme intermittent fasting diet yet?
amc is booming again fellas. buy and hold
been in since 11 but decided to sell everything and yolo gme cause i like this stock a lot.
friday's gameplan (mods pls consider)
pre-market today - is the bubble burst imminent?
gme - watch out pt.2 - why there is more than what meets the eye
am i doing this right? $200k sell limit for my measly 6 shares.
 third stimulus check!!! free money for gme and amc 
amc to the moon  its not much but its honest work
gme - i like the stock. .. imagine the rocket once people are allowed to buy it again!!!
robinhood shows why diamond hands superior, paper hands inferior
10k is not a meme! let's make it into reality!!! 
ev stocks are blood red. time to buy ev stocks.
end of week motivation
my sad gme story.
cramer got exposed in 2014 for similar tactics. he doesnt want the world to know. those bastards know they are lying through their teeth. too the moon brothers . 
"there are scores of similarities between former president donald trumps make america great again movement and the gamestop surge." - cnbc article
hey melvin, i didnt hear any bell. i can hold all day long.
today it's not (necessarily) the big day
fidelity sells your *options* order data too. only stonks are kept in-house.
chamath calls out robinhood hard!
all is going as expected. [you] be a buyer or seller.  $gme
round 2!
cohens cryptic tweet hints hes ceo or something big is coming.
squeeze has not squoze gme to alpha centauri 
robin hood straight fraudin
robinhood is still playing games
been here for a year but havent seen anything like gme. ~$400 dollars to ~51k with gme calls. thanks boys. (still buying back in monday, hold boys, hold!)
story of my life
i have concerns folks...
gme is an anagram for gem. coincidence? i think not! 
all the numbers are starting to align
whoever made it this far i salute you!! to the end
earlier today, robinhood started rejecting limit prices on gme for over $8,000
if i can hold. you can hold. buy biznatches. apes together strong. lfg. 
fuck em all
vlad saying he was born in bulgaria but it's harmonized as "the tendieman"'s refrain
great dd from r/gme
might not be much but holding
stimulus and bb, amc, and nok. i like these stocks they are my childhood. you do you. i didnt say to do anything. but focus on gme first.
holding !!!!
its not about the money, its about the  
who else lost so much that they now wont ever sell 
hello again, my gme bulls, while we have some downtime. let me inform you where gme stands and the impact going forward.
holding strong my apes! amc to the moon! 
robinhood faces backlash from both parties for limiting trades
 $gme yolo  doubling my holdings at mkt open! buy the dip
started gobbling up since $2... sold at $16. if $amc dips below $4 again, ill go full retard mode.
impending crash?? smh... dont let them dictate you or the market!! 
degiro looking out for the eu boys. keeps trading going, and removes market orders which will prevent massively overpaying for the stock. this is how risk management should be done.
yes or no?
amc next weeks omg momentum
opinion: stop hedge funds trading with synthetic money (leverage and margin), make them trade with real money
robinhood cancelling brokerage transfers!?
$sndl (sundial growers)
it ain't much, but it is honest work. with love from canada
 cant stop, wont stop, gamestop 
poor romanian here, all in on gme. not selling before 10k. i will get a golden dildo, write gamestop on it and fuck my own ass
all-in roth yolo. 308 @41 and a $115c sold for $22k. you guys changed my life
thank you all. 1.7k to 36k in 2 months
congratulations r/wallstreetbets - we now have the ability to use gifs, custom emojis, post hd videos, and earn a hero badge!
i dont think thats illegal, andrew calamari, former director of the new york office of the s.e.c.
amc strong buy w/ zacks research $21 pt.
a very sophisticated chat room
this is my loss- there are many like it but this one is mine. holding the line.
someone wsb dub this. my ape brain is too smooth
yall mofos beat citron
political economist mark blyth reposted this succinct explanation of yesterdays f*&kery: citadel was losing a lot on those options contracts. so they told robinhood if you want to stay in business and ipo, you do what we say and stick it to those kids.
if you won't sell me shares, i'll just make them myself amc and nok 
blackberry slipping after canacord report. hold and buy that dip 
all the way to space!!!
thanks for coming back for this retarded ape!!  
explaining gme "synthetic long" shares aka fake shares.
new reddit accounts are allegedly being stolen to generate fake market sentiment around memestonks!!! mods don't delete for fuck sake this is potentially critical information!
a manifesto for wsb. how to beat wall street at their own game and live to tell the tale.
covid took my gpa at the end of last year, so i poured a little cash on the yolo bonfire for my homie. miss you, old dude. (1933-2020)   
is this another short ladder? % float is still at 249% right? - i like this stock
gamestop, wont stop, buying gamestop! i like this stock!!
$gme - at this point you have 3 options
what a great year, thanks wsb for making these insane gainz possible! from 40k to 300k. been moving my money over to fidelity, still got gme in robinhood for now.
who is holding gme, amc, nok, and bb with me 
senate hearing tomorrow 10am banking committee.
if each of us holds 6 shares thats all of the stock. im doing my part in canada. i like eb games 
   screenshot from thursday. still holding although they sold 11 of my calls. currently holding: 471 shares at 143 ish, and 5 calls for end of feb.  (50k yolo last monday)
gme will cause market correction
some game theory perspective
 nok double down  nok nok? whos there? wsb for the fucking tendies - earnings on 4th! if my calls i sold get called away tmrw im doubling the fuck down! lfg ! i also bought 70 more in my ira(disclosure i am not a financial advisor im just a retard)!
message before death
i said buy at $20!! rkt enters the atmosphere, time for the moon?
this girl ain't fucking leaving!!!!!!!!  i like the stock
nyse v. off-exchange(finra) short volumes for gme: short volume in public exchanges wasn't even half of whats needed for 150% drop in short interest
next destination the moon!!!!! $amc $gme i am not a financial advisor i barely know how to count see you guys in outer space  
lets here it for the little guys! hold and buy!
the tendie rangers are here to hold
rh lying in their email - protecting yourself would be suspending margin not restricting people buying with their own money
to whoever sold me these calls yesterday for 1 i'm so sorry.
come on you apes, you want to gain forever?
tattooer of 10 yrs free tattoos gme=10,000
melvin down 53%
pretty much sums it up
rip to my life savings
i look down and all i see is dmnd hnds  
welcome aboard the diamond hand spaceship, it's a jungle of apes! 
the last few weeks in a nutshell
first post long time lurker holding strong! love you 
25k gains on $amc  now i can afford to go to the movies
most palantir insiders (beside soros) dont plan to sell the stock!
hot $bb gamma squeeze dd
how well did wsb predict the market 3 months ago? an extremely superficial calculation
rh restricts 50+ new stocks!
dfv this weekend after everyone leaves his house party
media thinks we're on here whining about losses. here i am $11,420, -69% in gains thinking, "nice,  the perfect position to be." (4k loan and 2k from credit to cover accidentally over-depositing 6k in fidelity rather than sell any of it. buying more @ the dip now with the extra $367 )
pltr joins forces with 3m 
dont sell gme
picturing in 70+ years our grandkids will be asking about gme, amc, nok, and bb stocks like this brings a tear to my eye. generational wealth being made here. all hail u/deepfuckingvalue.
wall street the past few weeks.
it's our time!!! you know how this story ends.  your way to the treasure 
they are so petty they decided to lose 70b (and probably go bankrupt now) insted of just covering their positions
snowball effect causing shorters to back out of positions across europe
being retarded in australia. 
$bb gang hold tight
obvious slander is obvious
doing my part
gme to the moon
my journey
how gme and citadel could be the catalyst for the next major correction. warning, bear hopium is strong in this one.
homo-tivational speech thread. today, we hold!
"it's getting mature" elon
was it wise ? neah. 
stop panic selling.
important!!! read!! more to come!!!
echo echo echo...
robinhood completely out of money - they shut off instant deposits!
next week is ours. if i can hold, so can you. ape strong together 
amc hold! educate the masses that are us and we will take the suits. ignore the idiot box rumours and hit the facts to push for thursdays spike after we crush them.      
hold boyz hold!! buy if you can and hold <3 this is once in a lifetime> period>. deep fucking value>. rocket ship moon landing
options exercised. foodstamps or lambos. they wouldn't accept my lengthy text story, so here it is in screenshots.
insight from a former gamestop store manager
we're gonna need a bigger float - gamestop is a remix and how to maybe profit off it
checking in on mental health
buy low and sell high. why do you keep fucking that up and how do you fix it?
man up! taken from other dude
we ride at dawn 
they tried to take my $bb  instead i got more!  limit changed to 700 shares monday! bless papa chen (down from $75k pre ~~buy~~)
exercise your friday calls soon or robinhood will close out your calls! just received the email from rh
gme premarket  musk approved 
mark cuban dropping some knowledge for us. hold on tight 
college fund go brrrr
i propose a new world stock exchange, fuck nyse. the location, switzerland.
s3 says we ain't done!!
my brokerage wants to force close my gme calls
worried about gme over the weekend?    we are in this together against wall street. 10k->1.1m (with some spce and amc side action)
there is buying demand. they are playing against us. hold 
why gme is still getting catapulted to alpha centauri 
so i just sold a gme share on etrade for $3200?
gme is life changing
holding & buying both gme & amc
update: 22k total purchases today added to existing positions. idk what i'm doing, i just know this ape has  and likes the stonk
took a while, but worth the wait. sold yesterday at exactly 52wk high. pltr next?
cnn front page rn
how gme  and beyond (literally)
wsb with the uno reverse card
mod appreciation double-down - let's put our money where our mouths are and show some real appreciation for the hard working mods who keep this hallowed community alive!
buying more gme tomorrow
jon stewart's first tweet is in support of wsb
hold the line
amc yolo update  feb 3 2021
yeah? i did that in like 10 minutes on gamestop. go fuck yourself ackman..
we are witnessing a slaughtering of gods. (full video w/ audio in comments) hold the line
an open letter to all following "the big short squeeze"
blackberry and @awscloud join forces to accelerate innovation with a new intelligent vehicle data platform
27 y.o. alcoholic retarding for duty! went all in.  
bought over 1k shares of $amc this morning. strengthen your resolve. hold the fucking line.
my friend showed me his portfolio. i may shed a tear
the man, jpow
lavar ball likes the stock
why not a single gme thread daily?
beating the market - part 2
+$500k in this morning, on $1.7m existing balance. down -50% today. never flinched, but had a sandwich.  not panic selling during the dip is as important as not relief selling once it bounces!
update on amc
pltr- trying the buy high sell low strategy this week
new retard who is holding!
schwab keeping it classy
cnbc and other lapdog talking heads harp on us about fundamentals and exit strategies. where were the fundamentals and exit strategies when the hedge funds fucked themselves?
be careful of fud on friday
the wsbs documentary you retards deserve.
if vlad at rh is telling the truth, it would have only taken $7.5b to keep the game going last week. the complicity runs deep in this one.
were going to the fucking  tomorrow boys!    everyone will say uwmc isnt rkt but heres the facts they produced $3.7b in profit with a fucking b! this is a hot piece of ass that ive been getting fucked on for the past two months by the hedgies! so lets stick it to them tomorrow!
5k to $400 bb yolo speedrun (2x speed)
'roaring kitty' no longer has financial broker license: filing
on that day, wsb received a grim reminder: to surpass monsters, you must be willing to abandon your humanity. we. go. full. ape! 
the wolf likes the stock and is holding posted 1:29 pm pacific time.
780 x gme shares @ $165 - here's a look at my recent dip buying. looking forward to buying y'all drinks in valhalla
come back for the $300 gang
gme/amc failure to delivers vs price (attn: sec interns)
in response to the fud in the sub in the last few days (this is my actual portfolio)
cnbc acknowledges the open letter to them posted here
how to buy gme shares for 25% off: the most retarded gme play in the history of the universe
amc and gme still have room to grow!!! the shorts havent closed a fraction of their positions. they think they can outlast us.
the prisoner's dilemma
before you sleep tonight
down 20k and still holding
figured i was due for another update.
definitive proof of gme short ladder attack
+1700% and still down at the moment :d, am i the only one who brought on the top and still holding? 
i didnt hear no bell  
all for one and one for all, we're going down together!
if you hold, that line is going to keep going up.
i want some fat fingered sweaty ass short selling suit to panic cover his short and be the last order he finds.
star wars - a new stonk, part 1
the clues are in the numbers.
dfv moving into the wine business
30k to 250k last week,  to 1m this week $gme
dear gamestop newcomer:  bad - good 
the commodity super-cycle trade: a macro dd with special focus on industrial metals
(2/2/21) blackrock discloses owning 6.2m shares of amc  raising their original position by 59.19%
cathie can't get enough of the dip - pltr
mark cuban on cnbc: on friday were going to see a reckoning. the wall street guys i know are planning for losses on friday because the math is starting to turn. the momentum is starting to turn again.
get ready for fud (fear uncertainty doubt) campaigns
ryan you fucking legend.
 im buying more monday..... gme to 42,000 per share. might go below 100ps first thou so dont be surprised.
suspicious accounts on both sides of the gme debate
gme and amc charts nearly identical all day on an up market session. fishy.
purchased this morning, look at that cost.
$amc - why i'm holding for the long term
cannabis federal legalization proposal early part of this year - prioritized in the senate
never felt happier about taking a loss like im feeling today! im riding that bitch down to 0, buying more amc and jumping on the gme train today. suppress the pain apes. later you will enjoy the gain  together we are strong. can i hear a amen?
im the guy who could have pulled for 113k last week, if i can hold so can you 
i literally threw all my money at this & i held. if all of you are still in... then i'm still in!!! 
meme stock discussion thread for february 01, 2021
buying a large popcorn next time $amc
major amc shareholder silver lake sells entire stake for $713 million
gme getting filled at above $1000
 gme 500c 2/5
just bought more bb
20 y/o eurofag. if i can hold, you can hold.
in other words...
kiwi here  been in since $39 - we got this fellow tards
huge move in oil due to attacks on saudi arabia oil facilities.
like father, like son
20 year old canadian here, just letting you know that i like this stock!!!
no more shares to short 
am i a certified retard now?
the gamma squeeze that was promised
gme to $1500 
pain of missing out (pomo)
any stock plays resulting from this insane weather?
whos holding and buying more gme amc
keep going - amc to the moin
remember that gme is winning. look at how much gme was purchased at close. it's 20 times the after hours volume. to the moon!
viva la u/deepfuckingvalue!!!! 
down $759k this week on gme, no point in selling anything at this point, hold strong boys
we are at fucking war!
i'm holding gme and amc until they make a movie and video game about us.
im not selling fuck em !  
fractional shares for $gme opened on rh 
i wasn't too angry at robinhood until i realized they were the sole reason why i'm back at square one. 3000$/75% loss. this was my life savings.
the lights came on and it started to movie again all on its own. its like our money is reviving it, reanimating it into some sort of super theater   
why $uwmc is still most definitely the play
scam/fraud megathread
is tomorrow the day we prove the free market is a myth?
still not selling 
fuck it, 2000 rkt shares 10 gme shares and 100 amc shares
my sell button is broken gme amc
information for the newbies who want to join the fun
wall street bets kept me off crack
meme stocks not meme anymore. citadel and melvin f you 
exercising my right to buy 100 shares. i dont want 2660% return on my $. i want moarrr. gme 
bought some more from europe bois, see you at the moon
anyone else notice chamath flipped sides on gme and robinhood?
gme!! i'm still in the front line!
this type of energy we need - i'm tired of the doomer shit over the last few days, keep the energy up.
biggest comeback of 2021, strap in boys 
amc gamma squeeze
i was told to turn my phone upside down for green, but it looks worse
screen time only goes up lately. remember to take care of yourself!
apes  stronger  together 
$nok is undervalued
i want to get off mr. bones' wild ride!
amd and why sue bae is giving me a semi (dd)
can'tstop. won'tstop. gamestop.
stay safe out there, fellow retards - the next few days will bring some heavy battles, act wisely, trust your gut, this is the way
stocks are back up for buy offers on robinhood guys!
supporting the cause from asia. gme gonna give me tendies for my first house. not selling till 1000+ 
just wanted to say im proud of yall
mama didnt raise no quitter 
meme stock post-mortem
happy v-day wsb community! <3
$gme (giant man enema) i pooped my diaper and my mom found all the crayons. suck my autistic balls vlad
stonks only go up   
tfw when you paid more interest in 1 month than autists have lost in the entire existence of wsb
don't forget this, it's still a long term investment, hold those bags proudly 
robinhood couldve had it all...
filter shit posters. look at how long theyve been on reddit.
this is a months salary that i bet for a better future for all of us. i ain't ever selling. you sell, i'll hold. i pray we all have a better live in the coming months 
bb to the moon all my bets
$bb gang rise up! im down 11k but you know what? we shall rise! i am not selling. 
as a cpa, my instinct tells me to stay away...my inner autist however says gme to the moon  small position but i'm doing my part....
asian retard here. may not be much but just bought another 13 shares of gme. see you on the moon my fella retard 
$gme  is gonna launch soon. im still in with 24@152
hodling $pltr... price target $100.00
im officially retarded!
bb lift off next week. the best fundamental meme stock we have. exactly why it was  raided so hard this past week end. shorts went through the roof thursday.  my fellow tards
never tell me the odds
educate yourself on the battle ahead. gamestop investor relations resources.
from asia, with love 
support from finland! brother and sister, we will hold!
to everyone who is panicking, the following words are for you:
but analysts say rkt isnt a buy; no shit jello-brains and here's why: $rkt dd part i of iii
amc - look at the option volume and the deep itm calls set to execute tomorrow!
$17k to $660. i aint leaving.
reminder on gme, why we like the stock
that didn't go exactly as i had planned
the audacity in this bitch
starting a class action lawsuit ... dm me if you want to join
 they said lightning doesn't strike the same place twice...i think we have proven that to be false 
this is not financial advice. this is a meme. 
 robinhood traders are suing  sue them with all the power we got 
u/kitties-n-titties-11 you made it into the dfv lawsuit
just cashed in my pathetic mutual fund so i can buy more amc and gme, hope the check beats the rockets!! 
im out! please cut me off: fox news segment devolves into shouting match over gamestop 
53% share price jump lands gme resources (asx: gme) in trading halt. some retards mistook an aussie mining company for gamestop
the gme situation: a discussion for our times.
robinhood needed a bail out today. users be aware.
ape. strong. together.
robinhood will allow users to buy gme and amc shares again
rkt lets go, q4 came and we crushed it short float is 38% and rising cus they are trying to keep it down. dividends are coming 9th of march $1.1 per share
white house press secretarys brother: its a big club and you aint in it rip george carlin
og's......prepare to show the world who we are
this is the way we finna be feasting on our tendies on the moon
1.3k to 90k. sold at 300, secured the bag and payed all my student debt. now averaging down from 250 to 50. got 100 shares at average 170 to ride the wave.
 i feel so alive 
why $uwmc can squeeze even higher
at this point its not about money - this crime needs accountability
cost investors billions listen mf by the end of this we costing them trillions
how to really fuck the hedge funds: educate the world about how you can outperform the hedge funds and why hedge funds will always eventually screw the investors
inspired to go all in last week. down nearly 100k. still holding! 
this is a siege. you can starve. can they?
write to your representative
this is the best thing i have ever been a part of
retail buying of heavily shorted stocks is not market manipulation
melvins losses are societys gainz!! if you made some, give some. 
was able to snag some 200 shares gme at $75!
just something to think about...capital gains tax rate for 2021
its going to be a long ride
thanks so much amc
we stopped a company from going bankrupt.
your reminder on why $gme still has incredible dfv
$3,360 -> $44,940 $amc 
holding
kiwi here. sold 15 of my hobbits to support the cause
take care of yourself this weekend
im not fucking selling
if you have an itm call tomorrow and can afford it dont sell and exercise
we need to talk about all the real risks of a surprise rug pull
exclusive: amc entertainment explores new capital raise amid stock surge - sources. fight is on all fronts! hold till the death! amc gme 
volume is too low for this to be a real sell-off!!! hold!!!!! the squeeze is coming. these guys are buying/selling to each other to drop the price and try and free up shares! buy the dip!!!! 
gme update on 1min chart
fuck robinhood
wtf is happening?
this is the beginning. the manifesto for a financial revolution
rh allowing limited buying of gme
whos up here in the $320 gang rocking that delicious -70% invisible hit to the chest? no bell, time to purchase more baby.
i maxed my robinhood in amc fuck the sec fuck capital
polish traders vs. melvin
aussie girl down $10k usd, i'm holding!
the gme short squeeze factor no one is talking about
ride out with me
hey vlad, better get your fucking liquidity sorted out before tomorrow!
not listening to you retards is finally paying off  
reeeeeeeeecap of today's market driving news (jan 29, 2021 after market close)
locked and loaded amc 
we will grow we will hold keep buying naked and hold we are going to win  nok bb gme we going hold strong
[gme] premarket speech (full video w/sound in comments)
im not doing this for myself
attn: george sherman
anytime anyone suggests wsb is the villain in this story, show them this. gme 
gamma squeeze may be coming next week. gme technical analysis from a retard, not financial advice
the fight is not over! its retards vs wall street. shorts have not been covered. get ready for a big monday!
all in gme, from an australian autist 
my whole family works for melvin! its worse than i thought
nok yolo - i am with you comrades, support the movement...will buy dips as needed
robinhood allowing purchases of gme/amc/bb/etc again, but in full shares only
robinhood is no longer allowing instant deposits to be used to purchase cryptocurrency
bought $10,000 gme at open yesterday. my only regret is that i didn't buy $1k an hour instead.
9 words brought to you by the fuckers at the sec
with diamond hands  we can carry gme to the moon [link with sound in comments]
gme yolo: broke college freshman who became not-so-broke after discovering wsb in november. time for gme to pay for college now
open letter to dfv - please don't sell gme
need a secret code to get rid of boomers, newbs, reporters, and 
the truth your $gme sell limit orders keep getting removed - important
(gme) viking to the rescue
should amazon or netflix try to acquire amc in 2021?
my holding will continue
am down $20k on gme but am still holding
i really like this stock
threw everything into gme.  til i die. to the moon we go fellow 
you should all be looking for rh alternatives
my first stonk ever
$tsla $1k lfg
a brand new account just sent me a dm and asked me to share the next secret trade that we wanna push... mods, is there a way to report these kind of new accounts?
market opens soon and in ready for lift off
nyse: pltr (palantir) receives strong buy rating from top analyst (ranked #10 of 7,317 analysts)
consolidated my profile to gme and it paid off!!!!! to the moon boys 
revolut restrictions removed!
deepfingvalue not leaving!
lets make our own exchange with hookers and blow
serious: dont get left bag holding $gme options that your broker cant deliver, early exercise your contracts
is it necessary to say thank you a million times before answering a question during todays hearing? complete waste of time.
tilray baby!! smoke it up!!
you only lose if you sell - buy the dip 
bought that dip! keep on manipulating hedgies
i aint fuckin sellin. matter a fact i bought 3 more  
still holding to mars we goo 
if gme squeezes, tsla will dip hard. don't forget to buy the dip.
gme option sexiness - selling at $1k+
new here. new to reddit. love what is going on. holding gme @316 and @108.
its only a loss if you sell. we ride at dawn, bitches! 
sec vows to punish abusive activity amid gamestop, robinhood drama.
nyt thinks dabbing is still a thing
jacked to the tits!!! #pickmeuppls
papa elon prepping the gme rocket for mooning today - hold!
hold $gme !!!!! were all in this together everyone!
this is for the diamond hands in the back
netflix is coming out with a movie/show on gme, lets give them a happy ending 
wsb and gamestop are changing the financial world
get ready for tomorrow lads, its gonna be the showdown of the fucking century
they may be using marketing and psychology tactics to manipulate volume
an open letter to marketwatch...sit down in the back and be quiet, this isn't about you or your terrible tabloid team with no foot in the game
i just like popcorn with extra butter  $amc meme video in the comments 
"maplelane was down 33% through wednesday. it was then down 45% through friday. so the next time anyone tells you hedge funds "covered" their shorts, don't really believe them"
help us jpow - you're our only hope
i cant even go to the zoo without hearing about us!
the 5-2-3 strategy: a new way to invest
is it wrong just to like the fact that this whole gme rollercoaster to the moon has taken my mind off of all the other shit 2020-2021 has thrown at us? its an expensive distraction, but i am retarded and optimistic it will pay off. hold!
they're dumping shares onto the market, continue to hold
'spill the beans man:' tesla's elon musk grills robinhood ceo on gamestop/reddit trading saga thank u papa musk 
sec confirms $gme price kept artificially low via fractional reserve
433 amc shares checking in. never letting go
something to keep in mind for the week ahead
short float still at 121% according to s3 partners as of noon 1/28/21
$gme still has by far the highest short interest and borrow cost. do not sell - buy the dip. as shorts cover the price will  again
understand that shills are bargaining with you right now
gg sold calls @ 50. going bankrupt tomorrow. 200% loss and climbing. margin call tomorrow
we like the stock(s)!!! thank you you beautiful smooth brained . still haven't sold... waiting for gme $1,420+.
amc & gme 2/2/21 - imagine the sec actually gave a shit.. no coincidence here. do not sell - (not financial advice)
how to go from a virgin gme ape into a chad gme investor on wsb
they will write movies about what happens tomorrow.
hey melvin, that's our secret...
doing my part $amc
robinhood is the sacrificial lamb, and it always was.
ain't selling that's for sure! they think they can scare us by turning amc negative for the day. if they can get it down to $4, i'd be happy to buy another 10k shares lmao - keep it coming melvin 
bought at gme at $450, and holding. hoping today we'll break thru!
i an so proud to like the stock
future generations will be in awe of what we've built
let's keep wsb apolitical, please.
when the squeezeth doth squoze
one last screen before transferring assets out to a different brokerage.
i think the hedge funds messed up this morning and showed their cards. check out the opening volume on gme and amc. (screenshot from 1day-1min charts on tos). this might have exposed the actual "real" volume
melvin capital lost 53% in january, hurt by gamestop and other bets
nok nok. whos there? its .  who? .
history of short squeezes and corners
my plan paid off buying a 1$ call to average down from 114 worked out. 
i really like the stock! 
cannabis stocks are going bongkers ultimate dd
tomorrow we dance to the moon!
hey who told me these were worthless?
google play store about the robinhood ratings. avoided directly saying they are 'hiding reviews,' but confirmed they are looking at the reviews and monitoring the situation to see if they need to remove the app.
why do you persist?
stress reliever for my fellow retail traders, you schmuts! shit-a-del getting shitted
and now all of them collectively are saying regular people who struggle are the ones who rig stuff. the nerve of these people. they are digging their own grave. this only gives the autists more energy.
why i'm holding gme
icymi - robinhood makes most of its money from citadel and other market makers
saying we should have known the risks is disingenuous
we have been infiltrated! reddit has been taken over!
low volume, high holding.
robinhood just stole $4,000 from my account without any explanation. does anyone have recommendations on how to proceed?
gme is being added to indexes!
i sharpened my crayon set for this nok dd....i hope you enjoy
my wife asked me to take over her ira....i have not told her i put it all in bcrx yet
you guys know that day traders are still making money every single day on $gme, right?
down -$260k and still holding, i cannot buy more but i'm confident we'll succeed. keep holding my fellow retards 
zacks report for gme 6-12 months at $382. what do you guys think?
billboard in malta. we like the stock. support from europe
i sold pltr, i bought gme
i like this stonk$ so i bought more almost at 709 shares
amc diamond hands goes ssj3 on wall street fund managers
apex clearing has joined the class action lawsuit game as well..
most useless ad of all time - gme
hear me and see me melvin
if this is to end in fire, then we shall all burn together - gme $9999 
gme insider quiet period (v2 - insider blackout means no sales thru earnings)! 
hi im from indonesia. you guys retard probably dont know where my country located at the map, but here am i joining the squad. apes together stronk. gme to the moon
the tale of edward paper hands...he sold yesterday....
we are not afraid!
$60k to $7k and still holding. come back for me!
we're not gonna sell it! no! we ain't gonna sell it! (with sound in comments)
do not fucking flinch - just advice.
mommy cathie! please kiss my portfolio's boo-boo and make it better?
should i finish the job?
cibc claims sec instructed them to reject limit orders if the price is too high
$77k to $154k in one week>$90k currently holding $aapl calls. should i convert them to $gme? put me in coach.
the main takeaway from away this is not to hold to fuck hedgefunds, its not a battle between the rich and the poor and its not about how the system is rigged.
plans from here on, we have many options.
support from singapore!
oops. #deactivaterobinhood
get in on $on $tsm $amd now
amc monday lfg
i like the stonk! premarket is looking goooooooood! 
we are having sex with the groundhog (the great gme comeback)
just joined the party - i aint selling!!! 
robinhood know they fucked up big time
this fight is now bigger than gme! its a fight against short, against institutions!
psa: rh set a new $5k maximum for limit sell orders on gme - place new ones if yours were above that.
gamestop cfo resigns a month after the reddit trading frenzy
an idea: leave only $gme held positions in our rh accounts, but leave the platform forever.
small ta on gme and why there is strong evidence of an upward spike. just a retard sharing his opinon. buy and hold gme, it's not too late! 
robinhood users last week
i'm willing to hold the bags. i will never sell.
it's not about the money.
nokia $nok - looks like a meme stock, but is actually a solid company with massive potential
not selling. -40% not even flinching retards 
tendies---- is-- spelled trivago $$ 250,000 yolo
600 pages of day trades. puts on turbotax servers
we do not need cnbc to be heard! lets get trending on twitter asap before monday
the show goes on!
wtf
what wsb has taught me.
holding through tears 
taking into consideration unrealized profits, im down a cool $44,420 in the past 48 hours. still holding this stonk stronk and hoping it  once all those counterfeits fall off and people realize hedges didnt sell shit and instead doubled down.
still riding boys  it's ain't much to some but it's honest work
robinhood was calling my account a margin account when i never had that enabled
current amc and bb positions. going to buy another 1000 for each monday. fuck you, wellington beeferton hedge fund fuckwads. we will do the fucking this time (or our wives bfs will)
"closed their position", they said.
updated gme short interest!
the war has just begun
gme & rkt the only 2 stonks currently restricted on tda!!!
blocked from buying through stake in nz  thanks drivewealth
found this chart (looks like a heart rate monitor) what a rollercoaster ride! buckle your seatbelt wall street - i have problems focusing and i'm pondering hard about buying a third share!!
avengers: endgme
td american trade manipulation my story
then why are you still holding?
can the government force melvin and fucks alike to cover? why not?
let us turn nok and amc into the next gme as a final 'attack' on wall street.
have you ever had debt? guess who's in debt to you now!!
dow yolo: $dis 1.3mm, nasdaq yolo: $sq 970k
they have the audacity to talk about freedom... (robinhood)
technical error gain, market order filled for gme at $2,600 a share
attack on hedge fund
let it be known, /u/goku2057 has diamond hands. ill watch this thing drop to zero.
technically i am a financial advisor
guess when i got approved for options trading
we like the stonk, nothing will stop us
sorry i came late with this one bois  (from movie "uncut gems")
gme's future: steamkiller
monkey see, monkey do!
ryan cohen convice gamestop to buy valve now!
retail traders take the opposite bet from hedge funds who are caught more short a stock than exists and its the retail investors fault pointing out their malfeasance. fuck off financially illiterate media and fuck of hedgies.
large buy side volume on gme 
wsb has my support from maui, hawaii 
buy shares. play covered calls. repeat. hold forever! gme amc
ryan cohen just followed steam, ea sports etc on twitter. hold tight because there is only one destination for this man.
here's a little background about one of the lenders who gave melvin money
69 shares @ $40,30 selling at $20,000 a share or $0 
gme updates 2/18? where is the bag and who's still holding?
qanon/gme comparisons and how we learned to love the stock.
alright, guess i'm in! 
update from nope chick - gme and amc are being gamma squeezed
bought another 500 shares this week from ira. i sold all my other shares and index funds. 
nz investors caught up in stock surge: nz investors, are you ready? lets go to moon 
just bought 5k more 
as per request, wsb war part2!!!!!! (part 1 is still in the new section if you're looking for it) (this is an edited clip from the movie: rambo 3)
tfsa- canadians for the hold
im a 19 y/o student and im holding that shit as long as i have to 
psa: dont throw good money after bad
fellow apes! not selling one single share until we land on the moon. rocket boosters on! full throttle bay-beeeee!
huh, looks like it wouldnt be possible to do the thing no one is trying to do. imagine that
bought all i could, now you retards have to do the same and hold!! 
been in gme since about $10-15. 5k->450k->200k. shaken, but not selling.
a brief introduction to understanding short interest, short ratio, and borrowing rate with publicly available resources (how to keep from getting scammed by the short-sellers)
to valhalla 
ive joined the fight!
may the force be with you. amc management is at war and are telling us that they hear us with the vote date.
wall street still has at least one bullet left
hold the door, my date wants popcorn. what movie did you watch on your first movie date? vote up if you miss amc!
robinhood cancelled my limit sell for $10,000 (in the middle of the fucking night). im guessing its so they can lend out these shares again, anyone else having issues?
robinhood changed their rating one the app store
remember why you bought and not a loss unless u sell
i hold because i like the stock.
its okay guys. take a deep breathe in the mirror and trust the plan. it looks bad now but this is just the market testing us. the market wants to know how bad we want this. tell that son of a bitch we are holding and taking everything they got god damn it. to the mooon 
on friday i'll either be dead or chilling in valhalla with the rest of you
"so i just started buying. bang! bang!." - me explaining to my wife how i got involved.
made $8k on gme in two days, then put it in bb @ $25.71 where i knew it would be safe.
i just like the stock (heard you guys like loss porn, sorry for the gains)
amc stock: a retard's short dd
about that finra report.
(update) i stand with you my brothers, in victory or defeat
cash app reenabling purchases. buy the dip! stonks on sale! to the moon!!!! 
game was rigged from the start.
usps contract yolo update
you were the chosen one! it was said that you would destroy the billionaire elites, not join them. bring balance to wallstreet!
unpaid bets- an update
today is our day we need everyone to step up.
amc holding strong 
keep buying weekly... $10k a week, hopefully the little one on the way likes gamestop! 
why it might not be best to buy the dips for gme:
psa: if you want to buy more $gme, migrate to the following brokerages (for thick bois and cannucks)
gotta be the dumbest headline i've ever seen
most recent short interest
the battle rages on
merrill edge is now blocking amc/gme transactions as well! class action against merrill! p.s. gme to the moon!   
the tsla bubble has finally popped
they call us basement bandits. that's why we need to like the stock 
mad money gets smucked
third year college student and i just sold
jokes on you rh. i was ready to buy on thursday - now ive got 30 shares instead of 10. good luck taking them from my 
my brothers, first timer, let's stand together  just bought my first stocks ever, amc and gme we hold together!
most anticipated earnings releases for the week beginning february 1st, 2021
just bought 250 more shares of amc, i see all you monkeys staying strong dont let anyone tell you different we are winning this. 
should you buy gme
gme 1/29/2020
roth ira gainz
amc, gme, bb and some others - its no coincidence that the stock that were trending since gme explosion are being manipulated since last week. do not fear! hold and buy!
bot invasion
not selling till we get 5k, we ride at dawn men! 
lets fucking go!!! $gme $amc $bb but really only $gme
elder millennial starts vanguard ira at 38, pltr then gme, all shares, started with 6k
to the 
one of us
gmestp!!!! d-day is only a few days away!  beyond that wall is immortality! take it, its yours!
don't be fooled by this noise! it's proof there's something to catch hold!! 
nok to the moon
robinhood is making millions off your trailing stop orders (data n stuff)
coordinated buying i
$30k is literally not even worth bending over to pick up...  until $100k+
you still holding ??? 
10,000 shares at $200 ... not fucking selling 
unlimited stonk works
power to the players - 36 locations la
for those concerned about rumors of shorts having covered, or that they managed to close out lower positions but open new ones - don't be worried!
well, janet yellen got $810,000 to give speeches at one of the firms in the gamestop mess
japans aviation regulator has ordered all airlines flying boeing 777s with pratt & whitney pw4000s engines to stop flying till further notice
u/bigdickbritishkid. dont sell until this retard gets his tattoos!!!
doing my part for gme
boomer and borty: mainstream wisdom (part 1)
if he's still holding
lets go to andromeda. 10,000% tomorrow
prediction: robinhood is raising their gme limit only to lower it abruptly and screw everyone again
lurker in wsb for more than a year. it aint much, but diamond handing from singapore too! buy while gme is on sale guys
amc 43.82% short float!!! hold mfrs
 $gme down 41% so far. not selling
uwmc - buy before it his $40 / share this friday!!! dd
chronicle in the making for u/deepfuckingvalue
i'm all in. 100% yolo. no regrets. i had to do $5,000 in cash advances on my credit card this week to get here.
fuck you robinhood
psychedelics - huge value for an emerging and disruptive market.
this rkt launch is steady 
blackberry and aws webinar was today.
i never went to school and can't read too good, what does this mean
gamestop has flipped 1,619 companies by market cap this month
i tried boys. they increased margin cover to 100% to force me to close my position over the weekend. i'll always remembered the day they manipulated the markets  god bless all that lost more than 11k, you'll be back.
averaged up. all in on gme
to the moon boys!!! 
made a donation to a small business owners relief fund with some of my profits from sndl today. #wsbgivesback
massive de-grossing (selling longs covering shorts) this week by hedge funds: same amount as march 2020
1.5m nvta yolo
dont be a paper handed bitch. end of discussion.  hands. doesnt matter if you have 1 share or 10,000. dont be the husband, be the boyfriend.
my theory for the future of $gme and $amc
just put my whole college fund into $gme
pltr megathread for march 04, 2021
blame clearing services & custodians more than trading platforms. do not sell 
amc to the post-pandemic moon 
why i think gme will never go below 45$ again.
dark dd and possible profit in the face of another mortgage crisis
the train is leaving the station.
what's happening with the bond market, or how i learned to be a 
ark bought over 3 million shares of pltr between 2 etfs today
i've never had a 5 digit account. this week saw gains over 20k down to 15k still
my fellow nauts, why $zom =  - a simplistic dd
weedstocks destroyer of wealth
i need some answers on the gme squeeze.
tsla gains and gme 
guess what day i discovered wsb (retard in training)
robinhood to allow limited purchasing of "certain securities" tomorrow
supposedly fox nation wants to interview me because of the whole gme situation.
mexico reporting in, still holding 
currently balls deep in amc. not selling anytime soon! 
300 shares of gme going for this rocket ride 
 gme gainz shoutout to my sponsor melvin capital 
from your friendly canadian, bought some $gme. burn to the ground  melvin & co
we're in the endgame now boys
gme volume was 35m today. the lowest yet.
do what is right for you. leave emotions out of it.
if they can keep diamonds artificially inflated, you can hold your gme
amc and gme to the fucking moon!!!  hold hold hold buy the dip
rocket stonk 
pltr to the moon 
your a retard if you sell amc tomorrow
 gamestop   
$gme
f robinhood for restricting market access! everyone should try to sign up for a webull account or an alternative this weekend
melvin capital may be bankrupt or getting close to it
proud of my fellow apres. my entire pf is red except for gme. and they say were useless but we keep the market going.
opinions are like assholes. bloomberg just happens to be a huge asshole.  or go fuck yaself!
all of you complaining about bots and paid shills should welcome the sec to the party
burry's tweets deciphered for retards
holding 120 shares gme
some of you joked about my animation of the gme meme rocket looking like a bowling alley animation, this meme/sequel is for you! title: "meanwhile at gme alley..."  (meme w/ sound in comments) (+ explanation of why i was suspended for 2 days)
gme $50,000 price target 
 with 69,420 karma ! printing $$ tomorrow, say brrrrrr.... 
the rise of vengeance capitalism
new retard here... i could only afford 10 gme shares, it's all i own, but i bought them this morning to join the cause! diamond hands to the moon!
don't ever bother about ah movement, especially on friday
let's show support for $gme in other ways!
i joined the fun a little late and had a limited budget to work with, but boy am i glad to be along for the ride with all of you fellow autists! tomorrow the s for gme and amc take off to the 
426% gain pltr, i love the stonk
made about $30k from gme, now i'm in the process of buying my first home. highlighted the date i opened my first gme position and when i got out.
this is real
$bb $gme $amc short shares available is 0 
yall aint leaving me behind this time
lost half of my net worth today but im not fucking selling!
tesla yolo, 400k+ on the line. hope next week is better than last week....
can't stop. wont stop. gamestop.
aoc help 
does anyone know what this candle pattern is? and what causes it?
zero liquidity on gme and what that means
my kids are destined to inherit these gme shares. holding.
nok, nok hear me out for a sec.
$amc the moon got a lil closer
missed the $rkt but found 863 tickets to $uwmc, yolo !!!
nok - nokia files for certification of approval by fcc for its 5g transmitter in the us
i'm so proud of how far this subreddit has come
i hope this hasn't been done before
$bb updated dd  please deleverage, hedge, or take some profit  movement is not organic!!!
not a huge portfolio but ill be holding  i am also a retard and down about 8k on the year, but i dumped everything i have into these two, hoping this helps out my deposit on a house at the end of this year. hold!
were in this together. hold!
beware of shills. hedge funds are trying to take advantage of you to make themselves big profit. do not fall for obvious traps.
$amc to mars! yolo
for all the  telling us to sell and its over, i haven't seen a single  position posted
takeaways from mark cuban's ama:
my first-ever stock purchase - amc
come on baby, lets go
fidelity data backs up you degenerates fought the good fight today. i like the top 2 stocks, bought and holding still. not financial advice, me gustan los valores 
if a bunch of uncoordinated basement dwellers can say 'we like the stock' in unison, why would the hedge funds believe we couldnt join a class action lawsuit. we must really have them on the ropes for this level of desperation.
i like the stock. 
ted cruz has our backs
let the force be with you. holddd
dough currently has no restrictions on gme/amc/nok
the selling volumes are tiny, clear sign of manipulation. hold!
im so grateful to have so much money cause of wallstreet.
never forget apes together strong 
stay the course, keep those hands mineral hard.
hey retards and  it's our destination!  and also f citadel and melvin. holding strong 
let us not forget the battles of these last few days events... keep holding the line, fellow retards. the next battle will be on the moon 
if i can hold you can hold 
next week is our! gme retarded warriors stand up and get ready to buy gme back to $500 on monday
weve broken fidelity
4/16 gme $420 call... sooo close to 1420.69% gains ... still holding. $420 calls literally cant go tits up, right?
the beauty of the gme and amc trade
theres still a chance right?
i lost my job, lost my girlfriend, lost my mind...then i found gme  
kevin o'leary cheers gamestop frenzy despite risk as 'real world' lesson for novice investors. watch the mass. secretary defend the his hedge fund masters......
tomorrow we will make history together.
we like the stock!
to the moon, all aboard.
to everyone saying amc won't squeeze as much as gme
$slv - $104,000 yolo 09/30 $29 calls. short squeeze let's go!
$nok: (29/01/2021) black rock has filled an sc 13g/a of institutional ownership of $nok with approx. 333,048,530 shares.
new people: understand the difference between meme content and actual trading habits
open calls 26/2 expiry info
a reminder: the stock market is not a good place for moral crusades (unless you want to lose your money)
texas
100k gain + i am pro musician and convinced my band to record a cover of immigrant song with lyrics about gamestop
buying more monday for the retarded army
the parody of "fly me to the moon" we did was pretty well-received, so we did this one too
record number of call options (37 million) traded in one day
$1400 to 75k in the past year
robinhood raised $1 billion after halting gamestop purchases - cnn
class action lawsuit filed
investors & institutions that have loarge positions in gamestop
cant buy more shares!!?? , turns out we cant buy more shares and they are limiting us for some reason
careful, premarket volume is always low
cnbc says this is due to an executive shake up... we know what the real reason is,  for life!!
blew up one of my accounts last week, decided monday to take my last $500 to my name and put it all on gme for shits and gigs.  spoiler alert, its not worth $500 anymore. pics for proof of position
$tsla is positioned for a massive reversal
shut up and take my money
$bb is the automotive gold winner in the 2021 cybersecurity excellence awards
greetings from belgium! may the stonks be bountiful today! 
came for the tendies...stayed for the revolution!!!
gme yolo
just yolo'd 5k of tesla gains into $gme 
thomas petterfy explains, in detail, his criminal activities from thursday (please save a copy of this video for the inevitable courtroom hearings)
too late, sellouts.
is uranium the future of clean energy? 
for everyone that has their brokerage at fidelity - if you have margin on your account they will lend your shares - i highly suggest removing margin for now!
$gme dd - pt $550
hello there from germany
wsb is being short attacked by hedgies. all of our favourites are under attack and tripped ssr today. this isn't a coincidence.
my psychological strategy to holding stock
fool me once, shame on hfs. fool me twice, i guess im just a smooth brained ape. $gme 
we are... diamond dogs $amc
gamestop investors' motives: take a yolo bet. 'ruin a billionaire's life.'
open letter to the american people: overleveraged hedge funds
due to a shortage of competent analysts, yahoo finance has started quoting our ape grunts 
pltr expected to hit $40. +47% growth in 2020 with $4b+ revs in 2025 and 30%+ 5year compound annual growth rate. long term bull stock  
sec fraud page is undergoing routine maintenance and you cant submit tips. but you can use this number : 1-800-callfbi (225-5324) instead to report crime directly to the fbi
thanks for everyone who is holding
hold strong fellow slayers of demons
why the squeeze might happen before 2/9
gamestop cfo resigns following meme stock frenzy
don't get scared by the low volume short attack. this is the reality! gme amc
amc tendie time 
loosing and buying like a true southamerican retard!! the more i lose, the more i buy. did i get it? i don't even speak ingls. 
stay focus and hands on the balls guys. gme is the play. stay focused on gme!! 
entire small portfolio only meme stocks. listening to soviet nation theme, "do you hear the people sing?" and just having a blast
hold the stock 
robinhood gets emergency $1 billion infusion from its existing investors.
obligatory i didnt hear no bell post
texas attorney general probes gamestop trade curbs from robinhood, others
do not let up! screw these pretentious assholes! buy buy buy
it aint much. but ive joined the game. 
(must read) restrictions still exist which still defeats "the free and open market"
i like the stock 
rip citron!
blackberry bb has turned the corner
psa: if you want your funds to be safe, get out of robinhood. the platform almost certainly has liquidity issues. this is the real reason why they prevented gme buying
couldnt bring myself to even take a sip of this garbage . gme 
proof of gme going to infinity and beyond!   
amc prediction: march 5-march 11 huge gains
apes together strong
years from now i will look back on this post and say the only thing i should have done differently was bought more.
ladies & gentleman welcome to flight gme69420. please welcome our special passengers mr. cohen, mr. dfv, mr. musk, mr. palihakfbrufbbev & the wsb army. fasten your seatbelts and enjoy the flight 
im so use to holding that this shit doesnt even phase me anymore.
aim for the hedges
i convinced my boss to buy the $gme dip.
gme gain porn. $20 yolo to 10k in 40 mins. rocket tomorrow  holding one still for tomorrow and bought amc calls for next week.
we are in this together! do your part! (full vid in comments)
gme loss porn (we all know the squeeze has not yet been squoze!)
goodbye wsb. it's been real.
i'm mad as hell when i see all sellers and no buyers--you should be too
[gme] volume vs price linear regression analysis. a comparison with amc + others
mgm, winklevoss twins to make movie about reddit's gamestop investors taking on wall street
smell the roses
amc major stakeholder wanda converts stock to allow for sale
the gme squeeze, told as a tollywood tale
gme: calm the fuck down
glorious irony: check out robinhood ceo's cnbc article that, posted 1 day ago, has already aged fantastically
i yolod my entire account on gme shares at $281.
only 18, dont have a lot to invest, but doing my part from brazil 
death and taxes
hey az - billboards are up and running tomorrow (aspect ratio in confirmation image is off)
yeah right! blatant bs!
thank you dave portnoy!!! calling out the big boys!!!!! watch his video on his twitter (@stoolpresidente). and connect the money dots. also, thank you mods!!!!!!!
his name is deepfuckingvalue
robinhood closing out positions for gme, insane
i can't be the only guy that thinks of this shit
you are not alone
irish retard reporting in: don't let their coordinated dip scare you! hold
melvin capital ends month with over $8 billion in assets after investors added cash
i wish my boyfriend would hold me the way he holds this stock.
there can't be another gme - michael burry
[gme]   never surrender
rkt to the moon (dd and short squeeze opportunity)
just bought at open before the dip like a retard..holding till the moon baby  
theory on why they turned of buying of gme.
nice
for anyone wondering, the vw short squeeze of 2008 lasted around 2-3 days.
we're not even thinking about thinking about selling - $gme go brrrrr
$gme hold the line autists. a cornered beast is more dangerous. this is them throwing everything they have at us because they're getting more desperate.
gme apes, i'm not selling 
my wife is gonna be pissed
can we just appreciate where wsb made it?
fight continues
$bbs time has come
gentleman, it's been a privilege holding with you 
dont forget to pay it forward!
another interesting day and i might have a stoke
i don't care i lost them all. buy everything i culd to fuck the hedge
/u/veryslump raises an amazing point: a total market meltdown is possible.
$uwmc
the retail investor has become too big to fail
i'm up $1. y'all cant shake these hands.
i cant wait to watch this go to 48k tomorrow and still not sell! i've been anxious all weekend to see what tomorrow brings. get those  ready
anyone else bought in gme at 600% iv and staying ape strong? somebody hold me and gme. 
hedge funds are finally hedging - spy put options up
just a 28 year old dad here  the fuck out a stock i really love. apes together strong 
down -%71.60 and -$130k and still holding  
wsb: endgame: the beginning: part 2: initial doubt
europe is being cut off from live prices and lagging orders $gme $amc (hold hold hold)
uwmc has a greater chance of gains imo
message to future paper hands
i believe gme's new baseline price is $124.01 -- here is my theory and analysis to back it up.
todays market open
"an empire toppled by its enemies can rise again, but one which crumbles from within - that's dead forever."
sending love from japan to all u weebs 
msnbc wants to remind us "stonks go up" and that wall street's panties are in a bunch because reddit has "spoiled it's illusion" - to the moon boys! 
heres our to the moon snack
was up 500k friday, didn't sell.
bb/amzn speculation part 3: drones confirmed
a sign from the gods! 333333 is the hex of color grey, you know what is grey? the moon  
so this guy is mad because he lost hi bet and has set up a class action against keith gill
the future of gamestop
update, increased number of shares: i will own amc until i die or we moon.
when your friend asks if they should get robinhood
bb: my totally not made up girlfriend who lives in canada
do i read this right? company that want's gme to go down, also wants rkt to go up?
$aso dd criminally undervalued
a gambler's guide to gme. how to use expected value to help make decisions.
5 years slide of $bb history in one picture
attack on melvin (full vid w/ audio in comments)
how high can gme go?
i didn't drop over half my savings towards a house to be sold out by  bitches.  and we win.
pltr (ok i joined you retards), cc & other yolos: locked in for ride to $5mm+?
i stand with you my brothers, in victory or defeat
gme closes up 19% from open 
they will bleed
lets buy the dip and keep your  germans have your back in this 
the robinhood tin foil stuff may or may not be true. but whats definitely true is that the media co-opted the short squeeze to build a narrative that were anti wall street and people ate it up
we are being blamed for skyrocketing a stock that isn't even supported on the platforms that we use. this stock is not on robinhood
$bb is taking hits! you cant lose if you dont sell!!
i have been shorting since last march and moved to long position since last friday
holding till the moon 
wait... can't they manipulate the price enough to make tons of options expire worthless?
$skt to $200? might be rarted, might be genius- i'm doing it either way. 
how i feel holding 20 gme @ 266
gme stocks: if most people cannot trade after hours, then who are selling big time causing the $100 dip? (which went back to $300+ lmao). i think it's a farce
hedge funds are getting crushed by the worst short squeeze in a quarter century
check in on your $gme sell orders - robinhood just cancelled mine
buy the dip! i do not believe for one second that these greedy fucks have covered over 60% of their short interest on these low volume down days but even if they did you better believe that what we're seeing this morning is them doubling down and naked short selling once again!
thats all the confirmation bias i needed.. buying more at open
investing $47k in the gme gang
$uwmc taking off! the next $rkt today is here. $7k profits making up for my other losers!
fuck the squeeze, i'm in it for the long qual.
we are the captains now
bb is continuing to prove itself as a leader in its field, and people are taking notice. don't know what you all are doing, but i'm buying more shares tomorrow! 
today the populous saw how the sausage is made, and inside youve put our hopes and dreams. welcome to the jungle. youre fucked.
blackberry has released their 2021 cybersecurity threat analysis report
gme calls and puts expiring friday, feb 12
"i'm gonna pretend you a man. a very beautiful man with a great body that i'd like to take to the movies" - james carter
tlry and apha - massive arbitrage potential?
im all in baby rock out with my cock out apes.. yolo
who remembers the end of infinity war? well, this is it.
people just need another broker app that has a slick design and simple ui to move on from rh
down 88% and still holding $gme because i like this stock! 
huge tip: ocgn legit opportunity
how it feels to wake up holding amc ,koss, bb
likely revenge on broker hawks: good news!!
these are the boomers who fear you
(2/8) monday's pre-market stock movers & news
i like the stock $56 to $9.5k
td ameritrade > robinhood
$gme - gamestop earns top marks in human rights campaigns 2021 corporate equality index
when you make the worst financial decision of your entire life...so far.
monkey poker
representation of me holding on to gme and all the stocks that did go down as theyre my college savings.
canadian retard will stand with you
psa: enjoy the fucking ride
bb/amzn speculation part 2: forget cars. it's was all about the drones from the start.
when 4:00 came and gme finished above $320
hold the fucking line you   pimp motha fuckers !!!  !!!!!
blackberry is the future!!!!
most prominent lgnd shorter, greg lemelson, was sentenced for misleading investors and distributing false claims when he shorted ligand in 2018. guess what? the fucker is short again!
bb yolo update - feb 1 2021
a bunch of you paper hand retards saw a $20 bump and sold.
forbes coomer calls short sellers heroes
some updates on gme
if you  fucks make me 1 cent over 30k i will get a tattoo of the wsb snoo+
gamestop fun turns serious for reddit's wallstreetbets
lifechanging money, been in gme since around december got some shares in fidelity as well! retards unite!
lol, rh cancelled my limit sell on gme @ $10k, and as i try to reset it, now its too far away from market price.
wsb: endgame: the beginning: part 1
why dont we get a lunch break!?
it felt good.
president bidens top economic advisers expressed confidence in u.s. market regulators, with one saying they should be concerned less with speculation and volatility than with ensuring that the underlying plumbing is sound
psa: ibkr removed the restrictions for gme, bb, amc options
i updated institutional holdings!
any of you that bought calls on gme 1/29
unsafe at any speed = gme
they hate us coz they ain't us
i get nokked down but i get up again you aint never nok me down - i saw my tendies go down and i just couldnt believe it so i threw down another 5k lost 2k cause this is the way - i settled at 4.5c 2/05 before earnings! im telling em wsb aint nokking to fuck wit
stand by, stand by, the rocket is ready to fly!  https://youtu.be/ale9twdo3oc
this dip is not real and this isn't really happening
500 amc. fuck it.
im vomiting diarrhea and shitting blood. life saving on the line. im not selling 
robinhood fearful - now going to allow limited quantity purchases tomorrow for $gme $bb $nok $amc
how to break robinhood
what's up retards. so, blacbberry announced yet another promising client for their autonomous software yesterday, buuuut no one seemed to care. what up wit dat?
guys, he's just trying to make a living.
do we think it's a problem that this group votes down any opinion that isnt completely bullish on their investments which gives readers a completely biased view of stock situations which leads to major losses for many investors? these low karma posts are then not viewable.
stop posting redditor's pictures!
fidelity came through. another 12k to the fight.
im down 70% but this is why im still holding gme! for the  
infinite profits! 
the gme short squeeze has made it to wikipedia's news section on their main page
let them fight
damn, webull thanks for the recap.
amd restrictions
blatant mistakes in almost all of wsb's dd over the past week
yolo - holding till the moon or i die. ignore the massive shill army - they're here because we have wall street by the balls. we hold & they bleed.
robinhood will burn
others from holland that just likes bbs? 
all in on my 1st wsb meme. so bad it's bad, guaranteed to smooth brain wrinkles. see link in comments for sound-version
if i can hold through the a -120k loss, so can you! if dfv is still in, im still in. fuck hedge funds! 
in with 50.
just a quick reminder on which card to use in times like this, when you are prone to lowering your faith in gme. eip togeder strong 
been in for over a month  boys
shitty investments and wsb
don't let restrictions fall on us! protect our ability to fairly trade please 
let the sec staff do an autopsy before jumping to conclusions: ie the sec will do nothing to stop the hedge funds, and will "look into it" after the cards fall. hold strong! we are on our own
why im holding
 new fidelity traders: a quick checklist to sharpen those diamond hands 
why you actually should consider crsr
i gave in. lets go to the moon, retards 
111.8k $2.50 april 16 gme puts... rip hedgies
is everyone aware the short interest report is from the jan 29th settlement date, not jan 29th trade date?
my rh review.
happy hump day from another gme tard with his bags
cant stop wont stop. may these diamond hands be unphased until this doubles again.
dirty tactics and you: what comes next, and why you should keep holding through it all 
i made a bunch in weed in 2017 and went bald from the stress, now i'm gonna pay for my hairline with su. dd inside
the melvin meme stonk war: part one (audio in description, much more funny)
i threw all my rent money into this about a week ago. you guys please help me move out of this shit house. im holding till i can buy a mansion 
i just wanted to tell you guys that i love you and i will be here until the end.
i think it will be another scare tactic algorithm in my opinion.  holding until we hit the moon
ive been slowly buying amc and bb. trying to help with holding the line yall.
apes together strong
gme short interest 1/29 = 57.83m shares. only down 8% in the past 7 days.
when it's wonka time
principles of democratic centralism applied to short squeezing.
im still not selling $amc fucking christ
$300 -> $16.5k in 24 fucking hours, flow me the money
jim cramer tells you to take home run, dont go for the grand slam and sell gamestop. "they've covered"
imagine many degenerates here earn 300k+ earnings by sinking hendge funds. where do you spend that money?
why i think the sec cant step in to safe citadel and melvin even if they want!
an idea for us try and correct the narrative that the media has created around wsb. #wsbgivesback
rh is banking we dont push it to $500
dont worry boys i aint fucking selling. no man will be left behind on my watch 
anyone else still holding
1000 shares of pltr. doing what i can to help push this pltr  upwards. not much but its an honest push. stop buying otm calls and begging to a for help. be a part of what fuels the the rocket. yolo palantards $420.69
why gme fundamentals dont matter for gme stock- because gme did not issue most gme stock
media fud already started this morning in uk
rep. lee m. zeldin puts some respeck on u/deepfuckingvalue's name!
robinhood... do we have a problem?
i joined the apes....
you retards are the best!!! i thought i would never see gains like this! still got my 10 shares of gme and 20 shares of amc!! 
you guys are actually understating how royally fucked shorty is. part 2.
robinhood is just the fall guy
market-wide, short sellers were down $245 billion in 2020 and $54 billion in january 2021 alone. why do bears keep betting against the printer?
i believe i have found lotto fds (and other puts) that will actually print. doordash is about to collapse, and this is your opportunity to bank.
the brink of the retail revolution they cant stop us from going to the moon!
something's not right here... can someone of these reps ask real questions (except for some)?
my first yolo. let's do this ladies and gentlemen! amc!
i didnt hear no bell
can we please address something.
love these billboards and stuff but let's not forget the real prize
in this for the long run! either i make enough profits to open my own restaurant or i end up back where i started! ...oh yeah
new traders please read - in regards to gme, market manipulation & how to move forward.
guess where im headed. $gme 
i bought the dip 
if i can hold, you can hold. 
market last week
for those doubtful of gme short squeeze: just know that no one is questioning the strategy (except cnbc and their friends)
i'll tell you what i am. i'm the damn paterfamilias.
why amc is a definite buy and should be skyrocketing like gme.
made this about a month ago!
amc yolo update as of february 1st 2021 need to get more characters.....
the 4 horsemen of blaming  of gme and other shorted stocks for the market plunges amid the reddit rebellion
dont forget why we are fighting the big boys.
e-toro is automatically closing positions (stop loss can't be removed)
say it with me...r g b. if you are too busy crying about lost tendies and not looking at the $crsr discount today, you don't deserve money
the real enemy here is american democracy's shortcomings
fuck me. someone make me feel better.
$rkt is throwing up the wsb light
gme and bb chart are waaay to similar to each others. (sorry bb is in canadian pesos) 
its not about the money, its about the message  update
new billboard added in colorado springs, co
the struggle of our generation.
2/19 pltr not selling til eod. will update with percentages at 3pm
hagens berman are our atticus finch!
there really can't be another gme. nothing else is/was even close to as shorted (100+% of float), so small (microcap) and so hated/ignored/dismissed prior to the #thebigshortsqueeze. it was a uniquely perfect set up. there won't be another like it. much like #thebigshort.
the wolf of hedge funds
ready to roll for monday. adding more $gme shares because i like this stock. and so long robinhood, suck my nuts.
got in with $3800 at 258. ill hold forever 
$amc short positions have even increased. seems like they have even more money to burn!! stay strong buy and hold!!
on principle i will hold till im bag holding at the other end.
gme gang read
eric beat earnings, 5g space is popping! nok is next!
yolod my entire account and then some at 22 on gme jan 13. im fuckin holding and you should be too 
emotion and bias
an in-depth analysis of what would happen if we all held gme (updated)
help me marry cathie wood
i come from nothing - i got into gme $440@$39, with a $144c expiring 1/22, and leveraged it into this. my account hit 50k at the high last thursday. you think im selling? like hell i am.  to andromeda 
did you retards forget this came out yesterday? 
we like the stock
is everyone still rallying behind amc
the numbers behind a possible squeeze tomorrow
it aint much but i'm doing my part! i'm going to hold onto them for my life! 
this is the moment
from lebanon we are with you fellow free americans!!
#common sense gme dd.  this dd is so obvious it's easily overlooked and any smooth brain can understand.
robinhood lifted all restrictions on amc and gme. now's the time to buy!
tlry, apha recap and future speculation
why it's smart to hold - capitalism 101 and media manipulation 101
in @ 412 and im not going anywhere
we breaking through
gonna hold till we are on the , lets get the tendies. i just like the stock.
this might be the beginning of the new gamestop comeback story
the list of fake news sources helping the hedges push slv
the future of gse (audio req'd)
gre an die deutschen wir sitzen alle im selben boot und sind auf dem weg zum mond 
our king u/dfv getting the recognition he deserves in a singaporean newspaper 
short 1 minute summary of robinhood's conflict of interest with citadel, from aoc's livestream (guest is alexis goldstein, whose more in-depth article is linked in the comments)
i have a theory... hear me out $bb may have showed their cards
mother teaches son how to have paper hands.
jim cramer reveals dirty tricks short sellers use to manipulate stock prices down (2014)
when i see a dip 
[gme] lets do some math. i know its hard, but hopefully it helps?
its time to fight in the mud
stock market 101: you're on your own
 at this point its a waiting game before people realize what these hedge boyz are nasty players and theyre cornered 
to the moon!!
retards buy more monday. this one is.
nokia q4 earning report just released.
had to sell my virginity to my uncle, but the tendies will be worth it 
beware of false idols.
from germany to the moon
we will soon be approaching what the wise philosopher scooter described as "the first page of the second chapter."
we should rage against robinhood, but we should rage even more against people pulling the strings behind robinhood.
current fear mongering posts
things are looking green.
everything for a reason!!! sold my long term winners saving me more potential losses today to buy more gme, all because of wsb! holding to till mars! 
marketwatch paywalls open letter to /r/wsb
dr. michael j burry; no one mentioning that free trades and shares at #robinhood were made possible by sales of the trade flow to citadel and its ilk. robinhood's customer is and has been citadel, not its retail traders. which makes what is happening this week all the more...
robinhood is fuck: they dont enough liquidity to fight off the lawsuits and regulatory scrutiny - clearinghouses fucked them because they couldnt account for the shares properly
bought 4 shares at 90.88 today, just to be part of this historic moment!
why i decide to trust wsb on gme [an official wsb fanfiction erotica for the whole family]
gamestop, blackberry, amc sees trade halts on major us brokerage firms
palantir: my p.a to bears, bulls with 0 hope, myopic analysts, cramer, and big daddy institutions
to all the hedge funds buying bots and shills - 
i don't like that word...
primates of the caribbean: at short's squeeze
we're in the endgame now  part 1 of 5 - full video link in comments, i was limited to 60 seconds max upload length
palantir fully loaded and ready to moon
you are here.
$pltr extensive dd part 2: what makes it disruptive/valuation
hodlers gonna hodl!
$uwmc ceo issues ultimatum, declares war against rocket companies $rkt
my own "if gme hits.." promise that i hope i fulfill. apes ensure i'm held accountable
this one is for the  
i'm an investor in spce and the sheer amount of idiot shills that have flooded our subs are actually a decent argument that somebody in the hedge fund world is still running scared.
reason why the market is back up ah. 
now cnn spreading lies about us and slv
well shit folks. down $45k. catch me holding this bag for my fellow apes 
citadel claims 'citadel securities has not instructed or otherwise caused any brokerage firm to stop, suspend or limit trading or otherwise refuse to do business'
i like this stock because of ryan cohen
the middle east has been with you guys from the start! united arab emirates holding the line! 
the longer you squirm, the funnier it gets.
in all the madness this week, i briefly caught wind of chamath phlaplaitlatlalyaysas or whatever the fuck floating the idea that he wants to give 100k to the top 10 wsb posters --- here's why i think that's a terrible idea
short squeeze d-day fitness challenge. lets get rich and swole together retards
gme gains part 2
people who received dm from "media" regarding the situation. be careful!
just hold on $bb blackberry 
buy the fucking dip
my uncle has been feeling down with $gme but he just shared this with me and i haven't seen him this happy
i didnt sell at $25 a share, thats because of these   never selling
as promised buying 3380 nok ! will send the proof as the order goes through.
can't reddit tonight... post #4. my gains on $gme swipe through pictures for positions and closeout. yes i sold. not sorry. can finally put a down payment on a house.
neighbor just sent this to me. fairly certain hes my wifes bf and it gives me great pleasure.
big buy side imbalance: are big boys joining us??
blackberry to the moon comrades 
they will do anything to get our sexy gme and amc shares. do not let them. we caught them with their hands stuck up their own asses. moonshot incoming.  
this week summed up in a photo
i figured it out! here's what the ryan cohen 'soft serve' tweet means!!!
this is the biggest candle i've ever seen
my small contribution to the end of melvin and citron, will put my remaining 6k as fk you money tomorrow morning
4:20pm apha gains update: +$52k / 410% roi
nokia yolo [2021-02-03] interim update  my wife is divorcing me
its... beautiful 
still holding here in norway. diamonds are forged under pressure.
there are literally bots commenting every minute of every hour. 60 comments an hour, telling people to sell or how stupid they are.
remember, its not a loss till you sell. consider today as paying for your ticket to tendie town.
i got scared.... so i bought more.
pass the bong and gather round, bros! we're gonna like....um....what were we doing again? oh yeah, we're gonna talk about those chronic stocks and how you ganja gorillas can avoid becoming game gibbons
going balls deep into pltr, 80% portfolio, rest will go into 05-21 otm calls on market open. was too late with gme, aint going to repeat the same mistake.
burning questions on gme no one in sec will answer.
how it'll feel when u/heyitspixel releases his dd on saturday
im down with my savings and im not selling
more cnbc lies..
a class: gamma squeeze 101
oops, i did it again! amc & gme  hold the wall boys!!!
if you've been on sub for a while now, and have been around long enough to have followed the gme play from the very start, take a moment and marvel at what this has turned into.
"this is not widely known" elon
y'all are being hella annoying (re: random bot accusations + rkt/non-gme stocks)
make the lowest ask $5,000
gamestop update 4: weekend recap
nok nok, whos there?
institutional ownership of $pltr up 50% in feb in the run up to earnings
this looks promising.
what the actual fuck robinhood?? how does this make any sense, ive had this limit sell in place for 5 days and now they delete it...
i know its small bananas but i'm one very happy ape, funking  paid off 
gamma squeeze confirmed for the morning
rkt dd part ii: a former employee's take on rocket's culture and how it will allow them to become the "amazon of financial services."
the coldest hour is always the one just before sunrise , dont waver we are still on course to valhalla brothers !!
robinhood update
am i doing this correctly? 57,000$ yolo. my entire account.
words to live by: $gme & $amc holders..
$bb go to mars 
threw my breast implant savings on $pltr
mistakes were made
lessfuggingoooooo!!!
all restrictions lifted. go retweet this (link in the comments)
amc recovery play
one year ago today i started investing in stocks, happy to say ive made a 102% return as of today, hopefully i can pull this off every year ill be rich!!
bought the dip, showing some love from  chile i am not selling  to the moon  i like the stock
we did it, guys. btw congrats on 6 million submembers!
if you arent buying gme, why are you here?
the amount of outstanding shorts barely declined. still over 25 million outstanding
90% of americans still cant buy gme
20k in one day. am i doing it right?
explaining current situation for ape
hold your $gme were all in this together everyone!!!
boomer media outlet, "morningstar" ain't never seen diamond hands like these.
how many days in a row have you missed the gme  to hop on amc or nok or bb?
bb gamma squeeze if it closes over $13 credits: u/state_of_affairs
how i feel holding my $gme shares on robbinghood
its not just about holding! this is a good stock! maybe more should be bought!
people are fleeing robinhood. now they are lack of enough cash reserve ... move your money out of the robinhood account now before it is too late!

still holding in chicago  
we won, but not without a cost. robinhood is lifting the restrictions
amc  bought the dip 
read this
shorts are out of liquidity -- dd inside
dont let them win.
comparing institutional ownership for popular companies to gme: gme is an outlier.
this is the new occupy wall street and im here for it. ive been following wsb for quite a while even though most of the time i have no fucking clue what you guys are talking about. but youre hilarious and i love what youre doing. its not much but im in for a $1000 on bb and amc.....lfg  
honestly scared about what will happen next week or the week after, but yolo
they fudged the short calculation. theyre desperate. hold 
$gme $bb to the moon! we're not fucking selling!  
diamond hands only . where my  apes at???
the gme anthem
amc - the fight is not over!
its snowing. its 30 degrees outside. bb-bb-bb-bb-bb-rr! but i hear its even colder on the 
is there any way they can get out of gme squeezing?
this is called a "dip", do you guys know what we do when gme dips? you buy buy buy
cheers everybody!
safe trading is a brokers responsibility!!! don't ever forget it!
will you give me financial advice, father?
canadians are still holding!!! no paper hands here... 
those of you getting into silver just made citadel and the banks millions, well done...
keep fucking holding
you only lose money when you sell right? 
we are not just gme investors. we are gme owners, and as owners, there is something we all need to do right now!
 loop de loop predicted. gme to infinity. 
the emerging agricultural led tech market
#amc still holding 
just buy and hold guys. it's really that simple
i like money but i don't like to pay taxes. oh and i like this stock too 
is someone recreating vw w/gme?
gme - bullish pennant - this will go much higher before it goes lower! - update
i just want to throw this out there, i know were all a little extra retarded but the culture here is to embrace the loss porn. we get off on it. anyone bashing someone for investing in a stock, in my opinion..has no room to sit at our table here.
my kids will be taught one name growing up... u/deepfuckingvalue
i love this community, and i think there's something really important to be said
me looking for that gme squeeze i keep hearing about
when they ask.. what kind of people are in wsb.. here ya go
stop hopping on clear p*mp and d*mps you degenerate fucks
daddy elon has spoken. to the moon . obligatory position mention: 200 gme ah at 157.
rough week all around. missed the gme train and then apple tanked.
amc to the moon! not selling till at least $500! buy and hold!
decided to yolo tsla & amd earnings. im always quick to post gain so heres a loss!
he has spoken! to the moon!   (subtitle meme, read desc)
i would like to formally apologize to the man holding gme that i doubted a month ago. i am in and holding until we die or squeeze to the moon
gme amc  still holding gme, cashed out the rest to fidelity  
down over 100k from the peak, currently in the military earnig ~700$ a month. i think im doing this right
a suggestion for tomorrow that could genuinely flip the potential of the game.
no, robinhood, webull, and other brokers who limited buying yesterday are not colluding. this is the real reason behind brokers restricting buying $gme, $amc, etc.
$305k gain from gme options alone this past 1.5 months, mostly from selling puts. #thetagang4life
well....... still fucked
you guys rock
just yolo'd ~32k into gme, probably going to sell in 2025...
director of $uwmc just reported his sec form 4, showing he more than doubled his own position on march 1st.
history in the making
today wasnt the first lesson.
reverse ascending triangle breakout signal gme
they got to reddit... hold 
well this is awkward 
let's go my boys
$gme price has nothing to do with fundamentals and everything to do with financial economics
retards, let's not forget the importance of wsb and the quality of information we share we can't let them think we are fools and uneducated bag holders.
this is why we need to stop putting a damn time frame on the squeeze
how wall street underestimated wallstreetbets
yolo on friday. because fuck wall st.  gme 
gme still hodling the line like a true wsb ape. i ain't no paper handed bitch. and dfv and rc are fukin legends
cuban said to hold, so im holding... for u/deepfuckingvalue
it aint much, i just like the stock. retard ride rocket very high 
aws & bb coming together! can only be a good thing! #$bb
bought in the day before rh turned off the buy button. my wife's boyfriend took away my bathroom priveledges.
gme squeeze report
value of gme $115 1/29 call option during trading halt last thursday. 
uwmc - the next rkt??  new info 3rd time posting hope i dont get my post taken down for no reason!
okay but which one is it?!
boyfriend criticized me on holding gme and urged me to sell it!! im still holding!!!
holding strong here in nz.
bb - vent on the 1/29 calls you had that were killed by suits
corsair ($crsr) dd
amc 467 @ 11.79 never selling
valentine message from european central bank - printer will keep on going brrrrrrrrrr
deepfuckingvalue drove the gamestop reddit mania. he talked to the journal.
not selling, stay strong next week everyone 
robinhood not letting me withdraw cash to bank.
paid for my grandmas hip surgery and yolod the spare change into gme for my fellow apes & autists. this is the way! 
i added 4k more into amc call options! what is wrong with me!? my freaking diamond hands are too big  1 itm 6.5 exp 3/5 and 50 otm $22 exp 4/9 
some actual financial advice for you
reminder: dont fking invest what you're not willing to lose
loaded up on more amc
trading and price asymmetries on $gme
i can't be the only one who's angry
1000 shares of amc from latvia, let's go
$znga
days to short!!
something seems off in the matrix
options chain update 
i'm playing both sides, so that i always come out on top
gme this week! hunker down and keep holding!!!
gme yolo and "serious investing". diversify they said
colorado man suing apps over stock lockout
gme standoff (exactly how it went down) starring kenneth griffin (citadel), andrew left (shitron), gabriel plotkin (melvin capital) and r/wsb!
i grew up with stories of heroes
gme season 2: diamond hands regiment. holding for humanity's future
and im buying more on the way down.
1 week of gme. i went all in on bb a few weeks ago, felt it in my pp that gme was going to moon and then made the switch right before closing 1/22, added some more on along the way.
dont get paper hands.  bb 
down 2k $bb , keep holding patience is key!!
nyt front page features sneak peek of melvin capital tomorrow
bought the dip! cash me outside 
$bb on a journey to outerspace
repost of my oil play dd. last chance before the train leaves the station.
i sold it all heres why
citron to stop short research
loss porn- down almost 7k on gme and holding. going to the moon .for a down payment on a home so my wife doesnt ask her dad. i dont want to be licking his nuts for the next 30 year. gme will be freedom from being under my father-in-laws thumb. that is worth more to me than anything!
batman is here to save us and my $10k in losses! he is going to reward us for holding!!! hold!!!!
$pltr borrow fee was 1.1% last friday (2/12), it's now 72.6%
gen x. first stock buy ever right before christmas. i told my kids id only buy meme stock
gme and amc. welcome to the stock market.
take a break and rest your mind
i like this kind of party 
i hurts so much it feels good!
amc/gmc you must move to a cash account!!!
sec investigating brokerage misconduct
wallstreetbets etf 
an open letter to wall street from main street
$350 > $10k
now that /u/deepfuckingvalue has revealed his identity to mainstream media, have we thought about his personal safety?
please remember to donate some of the spoils of war to charities.
dddd - why i still like amc
how would you protect your money if you became a multi millionaire overnight?
if you want to transfer to another trading app, please read!!
overstonk gain porn - each time it dipped i shit myself a little and bought a little more. sometimes it's darkest before the dawn only to get dark again. sometimes it takes a lot longer than you think.
how to prevent your $gme shares from being used for short ladder attacks
only the will to hold will change the here and now!
uwmc - i am not a bot!! to the moon!!!
ladder long attack!!!!
it doesnt matter.
all things come for he who waits 
*confusion intensifies
buy and hold amc 
don't forget to rate the robin hood app and make sure to leave an appropriate comment
nok is at $5 a share
two different time eras
i can't stop buying.. from belgium with diamond hands! now with 54 shares @ average of 100$ lets unite and buy more!
just bought 100 shares in gme - dont let me down apes 
i will fucking buy tomorow! fellow non-american citizens we shall aid our brothers in the us.
$pltr yolo. f*ck the haters. still has tons of potential. also, thanks for the dip for me to buy.
apps are tracking the page now
pure memes only
-$700k dips are for ants. sec must investigate these hedgies for these ladder attacks #doyourjob #delivermyshares 
a message to everyone on this sub who thinks they know what theyre doing
another retard holdind. we are in the togethe. stay strong. this drop is once again artificial. interest is by far not lost
i ain't selling a single share of gme, you will have to pry them from my cold dead hands.
robinhood's email to customers after today is laughable
my small slice
listen up plebs, tony hawk just railed a fat line of amc and stomped a 720 dd
was up 600% in january didnt sell, won't sell now. 200 is peanuts.
im so hyped  $amc
/r/wallstreetbets $gme high-iq short squeeze
going to start posting bb updates. holding long term. this company is for real.
(clne) dd. the path of least resistance, and most gains.
proper, detailed dd on options for this week!
who are the retards who bought gme on the australian stock exchange (asx) ???
$10k uwmc yolo
bob saget inspiring rkt investors
calling u/deepfuckingvalue - did you know that you'd be going head to head with the final boss, ben bernake, when you opened your position in gme?
gme gains.
amc hold for life
respect, but did what was best for my family
game(stop) theory
amc dd - bullish signs (short squeeze potential)
this isnt a get rich quick scheme. make sure you are in this for the right reason.
attention traders 
alright ladies and gentlemen gather around. there is a chance we retail investors can take control of wall street. this is a crazy and stupid as hell idea that is very flawed but here we go.
hannibal bustin' through!
the 2 larger goods gme has done
more shortsellers planning to pull a citron this week as they reveal their "top 5 reasons to short gme"
are we ready for round 2?
dman it hold you buttholes!!! we are close!! clench your ass and hold in to your balls.
the price has dropped, but nothing has changed. they still need our shares
bb is our baby! let's go bb gang! 
why short squeeze in $slv would never work. you are being manipulated by wall st banks and hedge funds if you buy silver because you think 'wsb' has set its sights on slv for a short squeeze. the media is lying to help their hedge fund friends.
gme: looking at some data!
from the uae. to the moon we gooooo 
day trading
hold gmeeeeee
reinforcements incoming: bald god is in da house retards
why not. see you in valhalla.
if im down this much might as keep holding right?
exposing sundial growers, ticker sndl
diamond hands breaking out of what (potentially, ish) was looking to be a parallel descending channel. tomorrow's looking bright gents
more!
which one of you is this on gme
lets take one of our biggest advantages one. step. further. dont like if you dont read. i know, i do that too
900% gain on macys during all the craziness, cashed out while macys was 20$
worried about what dd is real and fake? read this
10,758 tickets to $uwmc - is this enough for a ride to the moon?
banks rigged gme to stop the infinity squeeze and are now trying to get wsb to buy silver so they can make up their losses, proof included
the game was rigged from the start
this loss only lasted a few minutes and the fuckers stopped trading 2 times now on the way back up, lmfao they are shitting bricks now. gme to the fucken moon  
gme price target - just for laughs
robinhood ceo to testify before u.s. house committee. if hes going to attest to the existence and creation of millions of counterfeit shares... is he at risk of getting epsteined?
you can contact the sec to file complaints online or via phone. every aggrieved investor should be contacting them to demand they do their job now, along with your senators and house reps.
it's about to go crazy!
$sjm - one of our own was on mad money today
a drinking game for tomorrow's congressional hearing
y'all brought meaning to my life again
p.o.p. hold it down; lets go mark. p.s. i like the stock
does anybody wanna talk about what the fuck just happend with spy?
from $2.8 million in tlry yesterday to $1.1 million today, we all know its going to $100+ sooner than you think
i dont have as much as the rest of you guys but after being in this sub since 2016 i finally made fucking money boys! positions pltr, bb, gme, nok, su, ride. i love you all to valhalla!
let's talk about being a closeted  , fed going brr, and thoughts about the state of the market.
i just bought four more gme to round at at 50 because smooth brain increments of 10 (averaging down from 290)
i'm riding this to the end. $gme
can you dig it wsb warriors?!
if i can hold so can you too. we are not selling 
which one of you paper handed retards is in my car lot buying a v6 challenger
tsla gang double bottom & possible breakout btfd  
wsj using more scare tactics to stop  
i'm from india, so i don't trade in us markets. i read about robinhood a couple days back. robinhood can suck it! bring it home guys...
ceo of jp morgan chase, us's biggest bank, got paid $31 million in "pandemic year" 2020. he has expressed "concern" about income and wealth inequality: also opposition to socialism. big fan of capitalism. smiles a lot. billionaire.
a glimpse into the future (of wsb)
to the heavens
buy your gme now! its down at $75 per share buy it while its still cheap!!
sold all my positions and put it all on gme - ride with me through the gates of valhalla brothers 
mt was removed by robinhood two week ago. we want it back.
check your acount status now - shady brokers
amd strong upside for this week.
this is my fu money. i don't care if i lose it all. i am hodling!
am i the only one who feels like amc opened now to further help us?
do you need some variety in your life? tired of the gme short squoze? i handpicked the most popular posts, tickers, and dd from the last week. here are the results!
freedom finance europe ltd i am from ukraine and still can buy shares here, works in europe. holding the line
holding all the way in new zealand. just even purchased more - history books will write about what we have done!!!

25k to monitor everything we say lol. how do we make them waste their money here too?
became a monkey... mom approved 
-$211k this morning from $bb. but we aint selling we like this stock
i need a vacation
this "sell off" is happening on barely any volume due to the broker restrictions. do not sell, that is exactly what they are hoping for and you won't be able to buy it back.
every day is just pure torture
like gain porn on antidepressents
the reason behind high short interest and why there is the only way to squeeze.
be glad i didn't buy any gme. you'd all be broke.
cathie purchases another 5,274,700 shares of palantir (nyse: pltr) today
traded my   for  no ragrets
amc better play this when they re-open 
delete the app
:)
don't give in to fud and wholesome posts about gains -which i have seen for the first time
sticker finally came in. when i pass our wive's boyfriend on the left lane maybe he will let us buy more gme at dip.
a little unsexy, but a reminder to pay your damn taxes! also don't claim losses until you sell your shares.
if yall going so hard in on nok why is the volume so low
bbc joining in trying to scaremonger shareholders, little do they know we have the strongest 
wealth simple
$amc    
$nok: nokia upped to buy after ericsson results -- marketwatch
pltr technical analysis: m for moon 
still fucking holding
loaded up ~$10k amc when it dipped . 
support from korea on gme - long 4400 shares
buy the dips and hold. $bang gang until we reach saturn.   
shitron throwing in the flag or scare tactics?
asking to officially join wsb. i've lurked for awhile, joined the sub shortly before the hype, yoloed gme for no reason other than some rocket emojis. i hope my lossporn is a good enough sacrificial lamb of membership. still holding.
gme added to the short sale restriction list again. we may see it go up today. just remember  hold!
$tlry and $apha merger arbitrage
42 gme @ 360 holding on for dear life. all my hard earned savings in, do i have diamond hands now?
an open letter to the president and vice president of the united states of america
im here with you retards  fellow moron saying hold strong
jpow and others at the federal reserve watching my portafolio in the last 2 weeks
guideline proposal: ban robinhood screenshots
rh will allow buying fractional shares
dont be fooled, politicians are not our friends. they are all bought and sold by big finance, read this post from a robin hood employee to look behind the curtain
amc holding until the  are squozed
gamestop last day of quarter is this saturday
short sellers for gme have massive roadblocks every 5 or 10 dollars. if the stock plummets, that just means its at a discounted price
screw the theta value lost, i'm exercising this feb call option today so you buy them for me
not selling before this is 1 million
not much, but this is all the love i could afford from india ..not selling till we reach the moon
walt disney world theme park and resorts completely booked, disneyland targets april 1 reopening
inminent bull run for the uranium market?
guh! now i can only afford used games at gme.
should i just cry ?
im color blind af. this is good right? 
im not fucking selling. holding to 10k
if you see this post, and your robinhood account is still active, what are you doing!?
serious - what will make hedge funds close shorts?
$1.6t treasury general account, yellen, and the market
in at $15, average of $35. they wont shake these 
gme go brrrr again!
21 year old highschool dropout and i'm diamond handing till the end!!
january 26th visualized (teaser)
why $bb is a good long term hold
rule #2 double tap
momma aint raised no paper handed bitch 
can this be the moment of momentum?
diamond handssssssssssssssssssssss
$bb dd, no meems - part 1
how about a paper trading competition when this is all over?
bbc's gme article  "it's a generational fight, redistributive and all about robbing the rich to give to the millennial 'poor'."
($2.35) zom chapter ii - get in before zom goes brrrrrrr 
a game theoretic approach to this phenomenon of an overshorted stock's value not being derived from fundamentals, but rather from squeeze potential
small pp gang checkin in 
whenever this epic saga comes to an end there are still 2 things we must band together to do.
still might get me tbh
there is an insane amount of people coming for blood for those who held gme today.
putting 20 quid pre-market into gme after it's already risen 20% the last 24 hours
i've been trading silver futures august. don't fall for their shit by listening to your doomer uncle finally
the energy in this sub is like power overwhelming!
biggest event in march is not the stimulus but the fomc meeting | nasdaq and sp500
saw another kiwitards share so heres my baby yolo. aint much but a yolos a yolo yoloyoloyolo 
today.. hedge funds were like "oh yea, so... we forgot to hedge."
me keeping the rally going (no financial advice here sec)
lets fucking go motherfuckers. green dildos for everyone that doubted. bears r fuk.
we fucking did it!!! 
why brokers re opened trading
wallstreetbets - hold
 $100k yolo on $gme with my 401k
it's our patriotic duty to hold
gamestop short sellers are still not surrendering despite nearly $20 billion in losses this month
hold!!!!!!!
palantir and akin gump sign deal to launch legal digital services platform
i did a painting.
i'll see you retards in the diamond mines of mars. we're not fucking selling.
proof that shorts are lying about covering their position!!!
remember the game plan.
yolod gme now on webull
nyse tweet "hghghg" - symbolic interpretation (buy gme)
your boy is down 10k but i ain't leaving!! ride it until zero if i have to.
yo qestion madlads about sndl
so you're making tendies with your pals the other day...
ive never done anything with stocks before. however, i see change all the time and have always wanted to help bring it about. even if i only got 3 shares, im proudly able to say, i did my part.
when your friend asks to copy your homework but you tell them to change it a little (gme vs amc positions over the last 5 days)
u/deepfuckingvalue getting called in front of congress....? source: axios daily newsletter
the $slv dd you were waiting for. why this could be the next big thing. don't expect it to rocket like meme stonks but slv has a potential to go up by atleast 20% in next month or two.
best year of my life (200% in a year), even with meme stonk losses
load the spaceship with the  fuel!!!!!!!
woohoo.. rh removed all restrictions! let's go!  
blackrock, the largest asset manager in the world, increased their ownership of zynga to 5.2% last week
hopped onto the  from new zealand. am a university student so dont have much but hopefully my order goes through! 
those of you here from cnbc, hedge funds, or the rest of reddit- heres a quick guide to some of our more obscure terminology
interactive brokers refuse to lift restrictions on gme
holding!!! gme will rise again 
capital loss tax implications - better to hold the stock if you just got in
holding since january. 
someday, someone's going to write about the gme big squeeze...
bullshit. does anyone know the gme limit? i tried even one share and it doesnt work. trying to put $30k into gme. (still holding 145 shares)
wall street's charging bull covered in a tarp, fear of attacks?
volume is low, the hold is real. 
my body is ready 
from france gamestop 
help! holding 1300 shares and i cant find the sell button 
why what happened with gme is the beggining of the end of the hedge fund industry
attack on gme (lets go ham together boys)
lets not give up on amc and gamestop!  february 8th every invest now that its down to 6$ a share. all trading restrictions have been lifted. lets show em what we made of  
word to the wise on talking about your positions
amc gains - first real wsb post!
so wrapping my head around the sec investigation...
convince me this ain't chamath's father...
pltr: current state of art, technical pov
ive been investing for 1.5 months, and had steady gains through trading and safer companies like nio. but, on thursday, i went all in on gme/amc and some bb. even though ive lost almost all my gains, i wont sell. i now feel a greater need to support this movement. gme to the moon!!!
time for a shareholder meeting
my new setup, what do you think? ditched tda after the bs today
amc all in: my avarage would be below $10 if it wasn't for the buying restriction. for that reason let's fuck those suits harder they can imagine this week for stealing from all of us who couldn't buy the dip.  hold 
what if daddy musk bought out gme? some implications and calculations inside.
stop bitching u paper hand beta fucks! get off your ass, steal some of your wifes boyfriends money, and fucking buy the dip -mark cuban
we are not in this fight alone... giants, whales, white knights, and vikings walk amongst us #paperhandsdon'tbuyboats  
gme elliot wave computation analysis
weed!
forever and to the moon!! thank you
transactions volume does not seem to correlate price changes in the premarket
okay, we're above $115 and the markets closed
meme stonks congressional hearing drinking game
digging through every etf that contains gme + public/dark activity
time to get our minds right about $gme and the feb 9th short report
wsb has changed my life. like it here
that's too bad....the bully got a taste of his own medicine.
psa: treat yo self
some information about a stock i like
jan 29: updated short interest
why all this matters - my gme story and how the system used me
seen a lot of bots, seen a lot shills, seen a lot of people telling bag holders to sell. if youre not a bot and this is what youre doing youre going to help in having your options trading abilities revoked. this goes for those of you who are commanding people to buy as well....
as promised, 24k to the cosmos 
mods please explain
still holding from the korean front. diamond hands baby. wont sell till it reaches $10k
press releae, class action against robienhood
psa to people looking to change from robin hood (our other corrupt brokers)
i've sent this letter to mark cuban and asked him to help put it out there:
thanks for the resumes, guys!
former chair of the federal reserve, ben bernake, is a senior advisor for citadel llc.
for all my amc apes. my wife and i made this for all of you. apes strong, together. 
wsb vs hedge funds
book your tickets to the f*cking mooooon 
the next rocket is about to be launched   (pltr)
greed and nepotism, fundamentals, and a blackout? the brokers, news media, hedge funds, and even the exchanges are against us now.
hold the line, buy the dip
know thy enemy: kenneth c. griffin, the barbarian behind the gates of the citadel
endgame dd- game over theory
don't forget why you are here in wsb...
i'd like to point out something interesting, this is not advice, just education
don't expect gme to become worth more than the combined market cap of all other stocks on the planet
pltr take me to the moon
me whenever i read literally any wsb dd
i will not remove this yolo symbol (t-shirt), until both gme & amc go to the.....you get the rest. lets gooooooooo!
i have been adding since december and averaging up bit by bit diluting other investments. hodl , this is once in a lifetime opportunity.
this scene has been in my head on repeat the last couple of days. (longer version in the comments.)
robinhood restrictions expand to 50 stocks... delete rh before rh deletes you!
yolod my life savings into a boomer oil stock, just in case you want to see something other than gme.
who the fuck needs the news???
whats happening to gme?
bought a few more seats on the rocket from finland! 
market volatility
while the bump in wsb members is nice.....
me holding onto $gme while the rest of you paper-handed pussies are selling your gainz
gonna ride this till eternity 
is that all youve got?
collage of billboards purchased by you beautiful apes.
they stepped on their own d*cks. keep kicking them where it hurts.
the end of melven [oc]
first trade of my life: buy gme at $90, sell at $420.69. am i doing it right?
uwmc analysis
foxx is saying that what reddit is doing is illegal and that robinhood is only doing what it is to avoid an investigation.
havent sold a thing. 
 tesla gains -
ayo whoever you are you a legend !!! gme till the end baby 
an analysis of dfv's gme positions over the last 2 months
no stranger to holding
started with 18k canadian (~14k usd) september 2020. 90% or more of my portfolio has been in gme since day 1. always buying more as i could and gradually going 100% in. keep holding guys & gals.
ready, players? dfv to appear before massachusetts securities division this week
doing my part all the way from sunny singapore! staying up till past midnight for yall
i want to audition for the movie coming up on this matter. i want to be part of exposing the big sharks in the market that can manipulate prices and profit off of us. this is point blank crime pulled on us. cold.
rh gme fuck up, accidental diamond hand
i have been doing interviews about this whole ordeal after posting my positions and the fact that gme has changed my life. i have been contacted by huffington post, new york magazine, forbes, and a few others....
this is why you should hold shares and buy more gme regardless of current price or volatility
she's coming back up just you wait
be careful, danger ahead
do not sell today buy and hold till next week.
only  just hold and we win
do not believe those pessimist posts!!!
yo we gotta watch out they are threatening to halt trading entirely due to 'social media manipulation'!!!!
new but here for the cause!
gme: the case for a value play
k-streetbets incoming!! $gme and $amc 
to all of you brave souls in the 7 continents
fed stress test, bofa calls market top, dot com similarities
should we prepare for robinhood making our money "disappear?"
im making the call that cathy woods is wsb honorary centerfold of the week. pltr 
palantir technologies and rio tinto sign multi-year enterprise partnership (i know many of you are new but we also like other stocks. some amazing news for pltr today)
ill get on the $uwmc ship, why not?
put in ~1.5k @$38 avg. peaked at 22k. wouldve been life changing for me personally but  we hold 
description of what happened with rh
holding until the squeeze is sqouzed!  may all the autist have massive tendies! looks like i'll be capped at 500k thank to rh..
note to market makers please be careful today on gme or you might not be able to open doors on monday!!!
some of you hedgefund shills wanted to see my position, well here you go. 200+ shares and i will keep buying more every day. and yes, i'm holding 
a note on the possible ways shorts could worm their way out of this and one big problem we could face.
if you want to get back at your broker and have free-time don't join a class action.
$20k to $1.5mm realized gains in 2 months. holding the rest for double digit millions. gme ofc
what pltr does explained slightly better.
ex robinhood user's please read this before you fuck up & can't trade.
[gme] what   looks like
wsb discussion today. enjoy your weekends everyone.
didn't even flinch. i like this stock 
i come back to you now... at the turn of the tide.
i came in late to the game, but i bought as much as they'd let me  just keep holding
$rkt man: burning out his fuse all up here alone
interactive brokers lifts all options trading restrictions!
gme and amc share at least 20 etfs, hence tandem movement!
geniuses of trading 
why bb's contract with motional is bigger than we realise.
good hedges vs bad hedges.
jon stewart explaining how the housing crisis could have been solved without causing economic collapse & his discussion with henry paulson then treasury secretary in 2008 on the matter. pure greed.
holdd you bunch of apes
am i doing it right? doubled my tsla position and then yolod into gme
black swans wreaking the hedges...again
gme and the prisoner's dilemma
time to get rest guys. we did great job this week. stay strong and hold  
buying more monday! we're stronger, together!
excited for the launch of truforma next month  i love this stock
$524 > $17,860 tlry  (and this is the reason why understanding options could be very beneficial to people, it could literally change someone's entire life)
so this happened today. oh the irony. rkt to the moon  https://twitter.com/disclosetv/status/1367257806211055617
i put everything i have (and more) into gme, amc, nakd, dog-e.
still holding! you dont get the loss unless you sell!! make no mistake by giving in to these dictatorship in controlling the value. robinhood controlling prices because normal people making money.
power to the players!
"if gme hits $xxxx i will do" compilation
even the big names sometimes make trades they regret
10k worth of gme! keep holding the line! 
not much but worth the fight.... will fight for u until it goes to 0 .... love from nepal.
media telling me im a retard and ive missed my chance to sell, so just ignored them and bought more. not all in like some of you retards (yet!) but now up to 15 gme and 110 amc and taking them all the way to jupiter 
bought amc nakd and nok  to the moon!!!!!
bought back my gme $125 strike cc so that i dont lose my 100 shares when we take off 
nyse is corrupt and fraudulent. we need a free market!!!
are you going to leave robinhood ?
did keith gill change his testimony?! what happened to failures to deliver?!
i just bought amc
right guys, ive lost enough, i think its time. to hold to the fuckin moon!!! 
robinhood stealing my money
i wrote (5) amc $5.50c on monday, thinking i was a theta chad. one of you couldnt afford to execute that 5th call, so i sent most of the difference to st. judes and will hold the shares until valhalla or forced liquidation.
gme: fellowship of the chaching!
gme short squeeze: what comes next
every reason why running a stop-loss order is bad right now.
why im holding: i dont know enough about the market, but i do know enough about marketing and astroturf campaigns. holy shit there are lot of them going on.
1/29/21 - the battle for valhalla - gamma/infinity squeeze
i went yolo on tlry back in september, maxed out my credit cards when it dropped below $5 to buy all i could literally. the tlry/apha merger will be the #1 cannabis juggernaut in the world and tlry will hit $50 by the summer and $100 by next year diamond fucking hands!!!!
list of brokerage firms that are engaging in market manipulation
webull has a hold rating for gme
buy the dip - amc to the moooooon!!!!
the elevator to the moon is still open
bought some gme! greetings from switzerland 
you mess with one of us, you mess with all of us
some more $gme porn to keep you chubbed through the weekend. holding shares in roth.
gme. holding. $10k underwater. not going anywhere.
how to find the next thing (foreal)
norgesbank just bought 45.31m $ worth of bb shares
dd: palantir
those wall street guys could use some exercise anyway.
can anyone confirm?!?!
this aged well.
i like this stock, bought the tip, now i bought the dip.
amc gme still mirroring
this momma dipped just right!
they're forcing you to the door, telling you to leave. but, you're the one that chooses to walk out!
hold it until landed on the moon
did someone say buy the dip? ok i will
small timer checking in. id rather light the cash on fire than sell. see you retards on pluto 
can gamestop as a company turn their business model around and become profitable again
guess you shoulda bought the dip. idk.
assemble
bloomberg data shows short squeeze is 80% the squeeze had not been squoze - don't delete pls
letting go of all my palantir to yolo into gme at 328 has me in palantears 
old tommy admits he's trying to fuck you to save hedge fund - cnbc's interactive brokers' thomas peterffy interview
how all the paper hand bitches sounded this past month  
diamond hands brothers
ally invest locked my account from trading! incoming dirty tricks
guess who's pissed off and circling the wagons??
i am your typical retard from germany. hold strong and don't lose your diamond hands. gme 
65k  1.6m  786k  947k. gme+bb rolled into weedstocks
short squeeze antitrust litigation filed against 35 defendants - melvin and citadel named
gotta break your own balls for what you believe in.
gme og team - uberkikz11 update
gamestop fury
checkmate wall street! 
i'm on for $on
got my rich brother to hop on the gme 
 $bfly is now listed on the market 
holding $gme and got the dip today by placing a limit order for $89 just in case!!
i'm winning! right?
joined the forces with amc. to the moon we go diamond hands you fucks
buy, hold and exercise atm options. $320 has the highest open interest. we need to make this itm to exercise option!
dumped my 14.5k life savings into gme. i was briefly worth $198'309. chump change, i'm holding until i'm a millionaire.
hedge funds... everywhere
gme and future of wsb ?
thanos gme shares can be pried from his cold, dead, diamond hands
its all holding now
gme - holding the line in true wsb fashion 
un retardado mas, gme a la luna! greetings from mexico. it ain't much but being mexican means im poor.
gme - short staffed, out spending their tendies
holding while eating my croissant  let's go retards 
watch out, this could be the hf's to try us to sell. do not sell . we hodl
wsb meme stonks have been rocketing up the robinhood top charts
forbes article debunking the rhetoric that we are just a bunch of idiots who do not know what we are doing
bot brigade and what it means
first time buying stocks $25,000 on amc we are going to the 
how to buy shares in robinhood
here is a copy of the email robbin the hood sent all of its customers today for those that don't eff with them.
$rkt $12k -> $114k -> $17k
"i" need to disassociate dfv with this influx of retail investors and gme as a whole. and wsb needs to stop acting like the rampant mob mentality didn't get "me" here.
palantir stock plummets as three execs sell 2.7 million shares
comex silver shorts exceed physical market by over 200 times. massive fraud underlying the silver the market.
this is the way 
hooooooold! here we go!
do the the skeptical claims about gme even make sense?
the legend of the stock
holding through this dip  bought 20 more shares on my shiny new fidelity account too. i didnt go buy silver like a shitty toilet paper hand bitch
intendiesday!
just bought 17 at $55 from australia
tis i, the retard w/ too much portfolio in wayfair
there is an alternative to this system
nrdrages friday dd: theres still one meme stock thats not dead yet. i present to you the curious case of benjamin butto....err black berry. ($bb)
tell me why youre holding.
gme pays dividends ! hold gme no matter what ! if you panic sell then you loose ! if you hold get paid dividens even if gme goes down! which it wont if we hold! win win as long as you dont sell!
vvs hands. sheriff of nottingham might as well delete the sell button because ill die before i paper hands . time to go gorilla men and squash you know who 
liquidated my entire portfolio today. once my funds settle on monday, gme will hold 100% of my portfolio. get rich and screw the hedgies simultaneously? im down. 
the coup is over. restrictions are lifting. tomorrow is our day
leave rh
hodling    almost know nothing about stocks just yoloing and being part of a revolution
a quick reasonable and logic explanation on what is currently happening to gme
don't rule out vanguard when you close rh
this isnt going to age well - proceeds to shill his own positions
the moon is out tonight, there is no way thats a coincidence
now topps wants in on the action... wsb trading cards!
pay no attention to the astroturfing campaign happening at the moment
we couldn't get them today, so let's get them tomorrow! hold and buy you only lose money if you sell!
the biggest gain i may ever have came from this single 300$ option i held overnight. 300$. ===>12.7k in 12 hours. thank you gme!!
yolo palantir
i bought the dip for the rocket ship, i hope you dips hold your shit.
i cant even set a proper sell limit  gme
not bad for a 19 year old eh?
adaptability makes hyln a diamond in the rough [dd]
brought these wayyy before the hype truly believe nokia has great value in it's future. not selling anytime soon! 
today i'd like to say fuck you to the hedgefunds from an exploited working stiff rant
blackrock bought 50 million tsla shares. papa musk fuelling up the rocket as everyone is bag holding gme.
gme: check....mate?
let me be clear
gme brief recap. why did you buy gme in the first place? hope to see more dds instead of cultposting. love you guys 
we will not go quietly into the night
heeeres kitty!!! 
hold hold hold !! stonk strong together !!! buying all day holding to the moon !!!!!!
yolo $25k amc ape stronk
made an android wallpaper for all the hodlers. 
3/8 $pltr update: added more. down -45k im not selling & only adding until i see pltr @69+
a reminder: only and only if we sell we lose (mods pls dont delete)
whales incoming! 
come on gme we can bend that curve!
$bb dd - no meems - part 2
wsb getting ready for war
wsb discord 500,000 members!
palantards - diamond case pltr
historic week guys, lets keep it going
from u/autistdownunder for anyone thinking about selling
whats with all this pessimism? i thought we got rid of all paper hands?
if i can hold so can you  
comparing amc to gme: whatever is happening, ain't due to just shorts
good.
2021 y'all!
canadian retard here buying the dips
what are your moves tomorrow, january 28,2021
aww i feel so bad
this is a long battle be prepared
nothing to see here, move along... [amc v gme]
$700->$19k off 20 rkt contracts. cashed out 15/20 for $17k. i looked at my screen after purchasing and questioned the autistic decisions i make. well, looks like my autism is paying off. thanks to my parents for doing drugs, probably wouldnt be this retarded without ya. gme here we gooo
fucking. hold. this. line -- but -- if you need some other tickers to diversify here ya go watchlist; but fucking go gme and amc till we die.
best buy $bby dd. earnings play.
im watching resident evil and gamestop is in it, meaning it exists in the future. if umbrella corp cant stop diamond hands neither can hedge funds.
the mms do not have the right to decide how we should value stocks or what stock we can buy.
hold!! dont be a paper handed bitch! 
bought the dip
safe to show amc gains? $30,000 to $152,000.
i heard slv was a solid value investment. don't worry, i didn't close my gme for this.
robinhood (2021) - teaser trailer
previous post got removed so posting it again. remember, you can write off your stock market losses as tax-deductible. this will truly be the most non-bullshit thing you will read and learn today. save this post somewhere.
me, when gme spikes rapidly
citadel securities possibly frontrunning robinhood trades. they pay for order flow from robinhood and it's one the only brokers to stop allow retail investment. this is what the sec needs to investigate!
all in 15k, it aint much, but its honest. #gme
short squeeze rkt dd - this is your basically gme with more catalyst. $1.12 dividend, 0 shares available, 130% institutional ownership, heavy short interest
"guys, i've got an idea! we just stop them from buying. it's risk free. it literally cannot go tits up!
still holding the line
i suck at this!
back story: uni gave me 14 days to withdraw dec 2020, due to inability to pay fees(no student loan),proof attchd. i pleaded for payments in monthly instalments. well, you fucking degenerates just saved a man from being deported. off to pay it, taxes, nd a nice meal. fuck you all and congrats. 
godamnn get ready for lift off
god bless all you retards the uk stands with you for king and country
i now no longer have 500 shares...
to the fucking moon
threw my cpa designation out the window and doubled down on gamestop ...cause ya know...can't stop, won't stop...gamestop from going to the moon  (can never have too many rockets) #gammasqueezemonday
oh dear god, dude folded...
not only do i like the stock, i'm old af and like having physical media.
dfv speaks: keith gill drove the gamestop reddit mania. he talked to the journal.
my shitty tip of the day -
no one is selling!!!! hold your guns.... wait... more reinforcements on the way...!!! going to go up.
roasting a non believer is fun. apetards forever. 
technical analysis of gamestop ($gme) - to the moon 
this is why i will never be kidnapped... for long. also, gme to the moon 
you should know: there's other stock broker apps than robinhood
if price falls. do not panic
it isnt much, ive not got much left after loosing some last year. that because i left school with no qualifications and im a bit if a retard. so im holding to the moon to just pay them back a little. im not buying silver either....
front page of wikipedia - history was made here today
hold u beautiful 
down over $40k, still holding
you retards - warren buffet said what we're doing is accurate!
doing my part. buy amc and hold!
i like this stonk pltr
what is selling?  dont know what sell mean.  
full moon was scheduled yesterday, looks like we only lost 0.7%
if dfv is holding, i am holding
this is the end of me
is it possible that wsb owns more than 50% of outstanding gme shares?
 i bought 30k worth of $gme @ 288 and i am down 7k but im still holding to the moon 
people thinking there going to find the next gme and amc
pltr dd - earnings play - why this time is different
robinhood to enable *limited* trading on gme/bb tomorrow - someone tell me if i should buy more now?
pltr, prpl, dkng, sklz, gme puts - how to make millions off the volatility 5,200,000 deep in the market
bb yolo 3/2 update: couldn't buy any more in my individual account, so i went all in with my ira's
please contact your representative about stock market manipulation from hedge fund billionaires - my letter is attached - gme  
gme dd (also amc): evidence that the hedges are scared
gme daily short volume 
once upon a time on wallstreet...
spank bank babyyyy 
a wsb story, how y'all changed my life
robinhood changes name to prince john trading, steals from the poor
where are my amc folks
i was bored this afternoon and tallied up all of dfv's awards that give rewards from his $gme yolo posts.
canadian autist here. my polished smooth brain dont know whats going on but i know   
sweden standing strong with you!
time for some tendies! 
dont leave!
sen. warren on gamestop frenzy: we need clear rules on market manipulation
  i am almost in tears of joy, please keep going down i'm ready to buy more more more  
tsla gains.. bought at $220 and $675 pre-split 
the only thing going down are  hedge funds
 interactive visualizations of the volatility smiles for $gme $amc $spce $nok options chains 
price target for gme, using vw history: $32,000
im still aint selling...
somehow got in this morning even with schwab limiting trades. i'm just a simple cpa who still has to pay rent on the 1st but i'm with you guys!
gamestop big picture: the short singularity pt 3 - wtf edition crosspost r/investing (i know), but its actually interesting and deserves more exposure
january 4-14 gme fail to deliver data
hey wsb, average poor british tendie licker here.
bitch plsss...we are far too busy watching gain porn to be harassing your blown a$$!
i know it's not much, but i put my entire 401k into gme today. i've officially got diamond hands, boys. stonks go up. to the moon. **monkey no give financial advice***
it's not much, but for a college student and someone that started their portfolio with the first stimulus check ($1,200) about 8 months ago, i cannot thank this sub enough. :d // gme $50 -> $150 , rkt $20 -> $40. where to next fellow apes?
"transferring the wealth"
100% net worth in gme yolo
why corsair (crsr) has huge potential both short\long term !!
holding till valhalla 
it's only a loss when you sell right?
all inned on $gme at $327 and im down 72% (10k usd) so i opened a margins account and bought the dip  
why you should step away for the weekend.
diamond to pluto 
some loss porn. still holding. absolute  . fuck youre forced stop losses. you cant control us.
if hodor was able to hold that door, you need to be able to hold your shares! hores!
gme is like a failed relationship
a comprehensive guide to some moments in wsb history for the noobs, & a walk down memory lane for the vets. 
gme yolo update - this account said $9k 2 weeks ago. feeling much better today.
bought a another 175 shares today. last chance to board the  before takeoff.
serious story time: put all my life savings into gme at ~ $250 and my wife has now just said she is filing for divorce
just bought in on gme at 33000ft
if i can hold you can hold! 
it hurts but we ride!! no god damn sale!
i don't know, looks like robinhood still thinks they're going to push an ipo through real quick.
hedge funds abuses: anatomy of a short attack (2 articles)
potential dirty moves
is it too late to get on the gme spaceship and join you guys to the mn
im retarded 
am i the last diamond handed retard? sound off.
fox biz says it makes sense were still retarded!
gme & amc hedgefund checkmate
do not sports gamble tonight - here is why!!!
yeeting my life savings, see yall on pluto
just invested my in my first stock being nok wish me luck monkeyboys im new but gotta start somewhere!
short stock doesn't have an expiration date
roblox ipo - dd $rblx
janet yellen is so clearly transparent in the gma interview. she's nervous, anxiously trying to avoid saying anything about gamestop and absolutely avoiding calling attention to the hedge funds.
andy jassy as the next ceo of amazon is big for bb
bought in at 300 and still holding. apes together strong 
got $67k of uwmc, hoping to go from the outhouse to the penthouse.
the hedgies did not give up and suddenly change their hedgie ways. they are doubling up on shorts everything expecting us to fold! buy the dips!
last month most traded stock in europe (degiro) was gamestop.
ill see you apes in valhalla 
gme yolo. s=
gme - indicators showing artificial price drop before close
$amd - stealing from market makers - amd swing trade thesis
this is what you get with your hero politicians
guy from s3 partners. hold strong  
backoffice discussion thread for 2/1/2021
robin hood restricting the exercising of options
i should have believed our autists 
january 28, 2021 @ 7:14am pst - never forget!
just realised the villain in casino royale is the original king autist, borrowing tens of millions from a ugandan warlord on margin to yolo it all on puts
for those of you that dont know why price dropped today, read this. $gme $amc
i'll just forget that i even had this money, never selling
the very scary truth!!
looks like cnbc pushing old news!!! this report is from 12/4 but posted to their facebook page this morning! amc 
what is an exit strategy? $bb
taking these shares to the grave if i have to
let's see the loss porn iovin we know you're here 
focus on the real enemy: steve cohen & citadel | the smoking gun
$bb to jupiter
doing my part as a full-time student from norway. i like this stock so much i'll  till we've reached andromeda 
its not much but doing my part
legal read regarding gme/robinhood/melvin (obligatory )
the spirit here is completely different today 
keep holding brothers we will soon be knees deep in gain porn 
letter to your national financial regulatory authority
i'm holding because i put down what i could lose
gme - expected range next week
how hedge funds try to keep above water (and how desperate they are)
let's go guys  hold it, tomorrow going to be fun.
hodling strong  
not sure if i need to eat more crayons to grasp these technicals... am i doing this right?
$tsla $4tr/yr tam. $800b total value is gonna double. pt $1,000
using options volatility to your advantage: getting around the 5 gme share buy limit
who else just got this email?
don't let them scare you!
we like the stock $gme
who's still holding?
melvin capital also tried to short nintendo! - ticker ntdoy
let the spin begin
the broker breakdown - power to the players
uwmc - i kept averaging down until it turned green  (corrected)
attention hyln bagholders, battery news 
how am i doing?
how today went, at least from where i was sitting today! $gme to the moon!!
nok over my dead body
reddit stopped rogue r/wallstreetbets mods from taking over the community
im not selling. bought some more! greetings from germany! $gme
now imagine hedge fund a & b betting on the outcome of citadel winning it's short position. then imagine hedge fund b & c betting on the outcome of a & b being right on their position on citadel. so on and so forth. now imagine this house of cards toppling because shitadel wasn't right. scared yet?
gme pep talk and facts
yolo put my life saving on this lets get the squeeze going!!
hi all new wsb subscribers. some useful info if youre new to the sub:
holding from finland!
wsb trying to understand the deep level of retardation i bring.
indians join the game on gme
meanwhile, over at yahoo fin
hold gme to the moon 
gme and amc are following the same pattern multiple days in a row. there really are short ladder attacks happening.
melvin is hoping that the paper hands will convince the diamond hands that it's over and time to sell. for that reason, i doubled my shares today. i'm either going down with the ship or to the moon 
holding trough it all
diamond hands will prevail - 9000+ shares still holding.
diamonds i'll make my hands out of you
monday is the beginingbois, prepare for liftoff
why are cannabis stocks all trading in the exact same pattern today?
attack on melvin capital 
ama request : ryan cohen
short interest in u.s. stocks is near lowest level in over a decade - i wonder what this year will be like.
thinking of selling blood/sperm to add to my amc position. not selling until $400 
so long as you think tlry stock is worth $21 after the merger, apha is worth a buy.
payback!!!
holding these puppies till papa chen takes us to the moon. bb for life.
keep those  hard as  and relax while the hfs sweat the weekend with the upcoming  launch
joining the crew
holding gme. selling other stocks and putting 5k more in to gme when market opens.
gme, comparing volume (options, equity) and closing price for the past 4 months
spent 35k at a cost basis of $335. will hold gme until it goes to $1000. gmes gonna bounce back later this week. remember that its only a loss if you sell. be strong   .
robinhood's "investing for everyone" approach drew millions of customers. now it faces a revolt. tl:dr: i like the stock. 
420.69 units pltr yolo - first investment ever in my life
squazozzle update 3/1: dear /swing trading/covered call selling bitches, citadelvin needs your help. us  apes are still winning!
amc we goin back up see you in valhalla
how to be highly regarded.
it's easier to  if you buy at the top, and can't afford to buy the dip.
it's going down but i'm holding
from $570 to $11k. its not much but its honest work.
will continue to hold until $0 or $10k. keep holding they won't win.
i can race you to the bottom
robinhood's piece-of-shittery extends to them preventing me from withdrawing my money as i attempt to leave.
yup frozen stocks
[update] just an 83k loss recovered, and then some some, in 2 months keep scrolling (strat in comments)
[x-post] i painted this to commemorate these strange times, for all of my fellow apes.
eat my ass gabe plotkin, im not selling !! 
 stay fresh my brothers
bb - if you are ever near or close by a church, lit a few candles for my dying portfolio.
this subreddit is approximately 1.045 hong kongs large (at time of posting)
inflation expectations part 1
mr. wonderful gives wsb his blessing
theres that dopamine release iv been missing........
 live cnbc stream for anyone without cable to see robinhood ceo interview @ 6:50est 
for those hating on rh for the last minute change, they may have just saved you...
canadian retard here. bought in and immediately down 6%... am i doing this right? fuck yea. no ragrets.
nok is going to the moon  
the tale of the squozening
20k>111k>190k at 20 years 15 days old held at 240k last wensday 
petition to get /u/deepfuckingvalue on the $gme board
we accept him one of us, gooble gobble
the feeling when joining wsb
i'm down 33k today with half of my portfolio in gme and bb. these are little bitch baby swings, though, so i'm still  . because if he's still in, i'm still in! also, here's $1,000 to some local gamestop employees. apes together strong.
please be careful in this cycle
triple kill: citadel was cognizant of the entire ordeal and big ego lent to the demise of mc and further loss of reputation to rh.
robinhood posts excuse for today on their blog
paperhands meets the gme gang
hear that??
still holding gme. this isnt over like how the media is spinning it.
good bot
a value proposition for game stop
$aso is about to blow like $rkt did
futures are blood red because the upcoming great squeeze will send ripples through the financial world. hold or buy!!!
meanwhile at sec headquarters during the interrogations....
portfolio morning wood. apha/tlry, take out behind the middle school and get me pregnant. holdings in comments.
100% in pltr. help!!
still hdoling these willy wonka weeklies will print.
wsb discussion today: $rkt takes the lead
to the moon
here's a list of brokers you should know to avoid if at all possible
last week explained - buying a car
im staggering limit buys in anticipation of the short ladder attacks on gme
$nok army - hold the fucking line boys. earning expected to fuck 2/4, massive contracts, blackrock and other institutions have 14% of the float locked. last short report was 1/15, definitely much larger short % now the way it has traded. value and diamond hands spotlight will win the day.
u/sir_jack_a_lot is getting noticed by the msm!
went ahead and decided to join the party, zero'd the rest of my paycheck and went in the only way i knew.
50k $pltr yolo get it while its hot  get it while its $pltr
still holding 
next short interest release date?
hold that line.
breaking news/governor phil murphy on twitter: new jerseys broken & indefensible marijuana laws are no more.
alright. im in retards! diamond hands!!!!  
for those still in doubt about the short ladder attacks
buy the dip!!! i did
this isnt market manipulation
"the clearing house ate my homework"
all in on $pltr - day 2
some basic stock info for you new degenerates
no, e*trade, you cannot borrow my stocks. not now, not ever. theyre non.
impending market crash: tinfoil hat bear thesis
robinhood ipo expected in second quarter. ( shorts gang line starts here )
i bought in this recent dip but know the little guys are holding for you big beautiful fucking apes  
i like the stock 
**at least** 49% of all trades from 3.30-4.00 havent been made by retail!
oh yeah i forgot about posting it but gme life savings lets goooooo
$gme back up to ~350usd after hours
heard y'all like loss porn?
big move after market close on $pltr after
friday night chill, if memes were sponsored by hedge funds
when the hedgies try to ladder attack, but i just end up buying more. 
apha reverse merger w/ tlry - let math make you money
shorters of gme and other stocks, beware! other perspective on dtcc ruling
elon's message decoded
bb is the real deal!! this is not a short squeeze but a great long term investment!
$amc. wsb mascot saying. we like the stock. actively shopping.
if you believe in a company...
my journey in wsb and why diamond hands is important 72k-16k-51k-10k-50k-400k. never give up. cashed my initial investment this time
doing my part. not selling.
hi papa rc and dfv...am i exercising properly?! exercised 10 contracts early.$22k for 1k shares
were still doing loss porn right ?
200.000 sek at 315$
has anyone taken a step back to see the  coming from the exposure??
im hurting badly
andrew left was right. buy gamestop.
am i doing this right?
$120k $gme yolo update: 1000 shares bought yesterday, 200 shares added today. we are going to the moon 
mvis is the way retards (dd inside) 
i know its non of our liking, but bittrex has listed gme, amc and bb. which means they are tradable 24/7 for everybody
wall street is poking the bear.
more good news for $bb
dick fuld - lehman brothers ceo in 2007/08 talking about squeezing the shorts!!!. he would be jumping with joy now
im down almost 40% for the day... and theres not a chance in the world im going to sell. 
we  like  the  stock - let's get this party going - jim cramer vengaboys remix
paper handed boomers dont want the tendies. the music never stops. cant stop. wont stop. gamestop. 
perfectly balanced, as all things should be
gme of thrones
if i can hold, you can hold. wait for the short squeeze you mouth-breathing almost-winners.
if we can move the market, we can take away robinhoods 5-star app store rating. its the least of the repercussions they deserve, but would be a nice touch.
you've heard of gourd guy. i now present to you, lemon guy
hello darkness my old friend...
lots of newbies that missed the boat on gme that just want to help and grow the community long-term
gain porn for my fellow smol account bois - am i doing this right?
stockwars: revenge of the tard
stick together now or go down in vain
< $4 gme gang checking in.
market orders - how robinhood is screwing you (besides tanking your favorite stocks)
hedge fund melvin sustains 53% loss after reddit onslaught
lost 550k today. still holding! gme to the mooooon 
short squeeze explanation for dummies
you guys ate that shit 
i lost a very valuable 80k+ from the top. i am not fucking leaving!!! 641 i'm ready to ride this to $0 if that's what it will take. i can be retarded longer than you can be solvent!!
moved to webull and im loving it already.
feeling like exercising, dunno may delete this later
this is the way...we like this stock 
if i can hold. you can hold. 
total noob. bought most of my stonks today. i can hold for at least 2 months. longer if my wife's boyfriend helps with bills.
gonna be tough for a lot of people
bought 3 shares @ 309.... and it plummeted
$nok holding strong
little guy here never had this much in my account! to the fucking moon 
just bought in on this gme dip, see you on the moon bois
ive loading up gme ads for monday all across michigan using blip.
gme contract volume expiring on feb 5th is around 46k
alexa, play that one song about u/deepfuckingvalue
so apparently citadel reloaded their shorts before they told robinhood to stop trading $gme
my berry farm (bb) (02/19)
went in believing yesterday...holding.
i'm paying off my car today!!!
all the dd (due dilligence) is being downvoted by bots.
motley fool going from spreading fud and a $1 price target for amc, to amc potentially being bought by amazon: "parkour!"
can we ban fucking robinhood screenshots? if we can only share other brokerage screenshots rh will usage will drop. they did this.
give me a reason to not go to college - bankrupt me or make me not need it. 100 shares @ 112.49
holding my amc call! -$6k in loss, but got my 
its a riot up in here
today is the day i yolo all in to gme looking for some dips at open
hopefully these screenshots are better. arkw bought 1.5m shares of pltr today.
missed seeing days like this. $76k dry power that i may just have to deploy tmrw morning!!
gme gain porn - 5.8k to 75k
with what little ive got i donate to this autistic cause...  to the fucking  space apes hold to $69,420  
ok.... who is still holding??
yolo # 2 of 3. $150k in slv.
a guide to how i day trade
my worst single contract loss ever. -2000%
don't get blinded by rage...
we will win
i'm pretty i bought most of them at the top. god damn it. they are always like this don't they...
$gme $bb  how's gonna help me hold my tendies?
could be one the biggest retards here ! just bloody hold !
gme just added to nyse short sale restriction list
i like the stock! just bought some more of amc. diamond hands!
who did it? 
psa to all $gme traders if you read through this article you will see that there are actually no legal repercussions for fake news you cannot trust the media, only your fellow soldiers here. stay safe and buckle up
weed stocks for long term?
short interest is 226% per finra - do not sell! 
i heard you retards are into stock market  
emptied my reserves to join. it ain't much, but better than nothing 
green loss porn from the land of japan.  
old school mentality... still holding gme. why aren't you?
started the day with 21 gme and 50 amc... buy hold buy hold buy hold 
feeling lucky?
you better fucking sign this petition like your bullshit life depends on it we need to win
evidence pointing to shorts did not cover pretended they did (via options) to break the squeeze
worried about fuckboys restricting your ability to buy more shares to hold $gme and $amc? buy options and exercise those! they have a contractual obligation to fill the order!!!
six hedge funds and nine brokers added to robinhood class action
its a tough lifestyle 
if we get shut down like this again. just remember hold. one job guys... one job...!
let's leave the propaganda and conspiracies out of this and pretend we have wrinkley brains for just a minute. let's practice some critical thinking.
gme to 42069. yolod my student loan.
look what weve done guys...
robinhood ceo vlad tenev gave $2,800 to reps. waters, mchenry - wth!!!!! 
why the sec short interest report on the 9th is already priced in and we will see the squeeze next week 
amc to the moon apes!!!!!!
look boomers!! does this look like silver to you?? gtfo. gme to the moon. holding strong
they will not break these hands for they are made of diamonds 
citron research's andrew left and melvin capital's gabriel plotkin both said they covered...
never forget diamonds are formed under pressure!!!
holding like harambe 
long time lurker here
question 1: why is biocryst (bcrx)'s berotralstat not priced in at all!?
super update from earlier. national defense authorization act and the chips act! american chip manufacturing to the moon. enforced by national security officially now.
 was on the fence and finally decided to finally jump in after hours. +52 gme shares. lfgooo, hold the line !  
to the moon round 2!!!! 
i have made the worst trades this past month down over 100k within 30days. i'm still very bullish on amc. *blacked out ticker isn't allowed in this sub*
holding strong here in th uk
buying the dip, holding stong - $amc (let's go to the movies!)
remember when goldman sachs bought metal warehouses & slowed delivery to drive up$
crowd sourcing dd: there is a massive payment card data breach going on
shaq, lebron, & tiktok's ex-ceo company just announced its $3b merger with beachbody (full retard mode activated)
finally, to the moon brothers 
if you have gme options that are deep itm, exercise them!
$clf (cleveland cliffs) - rocket fuel can't melt these steel beams!
am i doing this right?
bmbl: i hate the stock
you keep seeing 100k - 1m+ gains. well here are some poor man gains +1.5k
here's why i think the correction is over and we rise monday
$120k yolo uwmc (options and shares)
keep holding, dont fall for the fake drops!!
it's likely going to take a constant stream of excited buyers to keep the gamestop, amc rally going....so let's just prevent the buying part
just yolod 50k egp, love from egypt
i bought 2 gme
down 216k today, hoping for a better day tomorrow. lets go gme 
today is a loss porn! tomorrow shall be a gain porn! let the force be with $gme $amc, to the moon! brrrrr!!! 
dfv new wsb legend?
dont stop us now
there are algorithm bots combing youtube thumbnails that auto-target the "mascot" image which paste text trying to dissuade people from investing.
gme $420 march 5th calls
dfv interview with wsj (he wasnt doxxed)
amc- manipulation still occurring! cant buy expiring options!
you're all just spamming/karma whoring now and it's not helping.
the gme saga in laymans terms and where we possibly are now (5th mar)
mark cuban basically said the squeeze has not been squozed....im not fucking selling!!!! (this is more than half of all my life savings.) 
today's situation
apparently this week's been stressful. i'm pretty relaxed on my 600+% gme. there's still time to diversify 100% into gme next week!
did my part. from singapore.
brockton native keith gill among those sued for $5m for role in gamestop stock frenzy
down $45k today - didn't even fucking care because the 's are coming 
why broker did that and why it is a good news !
we will win this fight!
tomorrow its either the end or not for me
diversify your portfolio they said. red is my favorite color though.
market analysis for palentir!!! cassandra the chicken says buy puts!!! she is bullish long term but predicts short term resistance
they're trying to scalp you by taking your contracts. exercising is important!
landed my tesla starship puts on the low of the day and fired it back up with calls to take it to the moon   
let everyone know you're here apes -80% and not fucking selling
rh could be the lowest rated app on the app store. but only if you help. im sure we all know which team we are on. im sure we can make their 2.4m ratings mean trash 
gme & amc  (update in the past 10 mins)  buy & hold 
amc 
proud retard here, i will hold onto these stocks the same way i would hold a fart at the dinner table on a date with margot robbie  and fuck and the hfs.... i do want my name on that netflix original thou....
what is the future of wsb?
made this for my fellow apes. 
i never expected kevin o'leary to be so based
staying focused on gme for a reason.
amc update, holding through -$267k loss, bought options on the dip.
amc!!!
i have nothing to say but bruh i am speechless to the moon 
might not be much to some here but thank you wsb 
buy the dip and hodl we going to the moon
i panicked and bought some to help the cause. 
next big dick play. fuck rh.
brian tyler cohen on twitter: senate has approved $1.9t stimulus - meme stocks back on the menu?
gme new hires
holdits lowering do not sell and buy if you can lucky bastards
time to start getting banners up saying buy $gme - details inside.
don't be a bitch 
24k down. not a loss if you dont sell!! not selling. 
40k to 20k to 1.669m - part of the group that created gmedd - diamond hands are love, diamond hands are life
huge- robinhood cancels my gtc limit sell order, go to comments
ok listen up retards
find the difference
breaking: inspirational message from dfv to new wall street bets users
storytime - how i underestimated the gme movement and lost a million dollars in the process
ocean's gme: the biggest heist in history
the criminals and frauds halted all retail buying but not selling yesterday as an elaborate ploy in order to cover their shorts (new ortex gme data - the 51 million short interest is now 39 million). there must be repentance for this - all of the hedge funds' positions must be blown up.
art by beeple : topical and lit 
in at $300, im not fucking leaving      
am i at the moon?
down but not out! diamond hands fellow retards, diamond hands.
my friend bought 500 gme and wanted to let you know.
now that the weekend is here: it is time to put all our effort in a social media campaign to reduce misinformation and maximize understanding and awareness
chamath is the man
makes wsb great again with some $wkhs dd
wallstreetbets mod twitter account no longer verified
keep buying the dip!!! to the moon 
your autism will be weaponised
they will make the world hate you. youve seen what the media has done to us so far. that was vanilla, level shit so they didnt burn anyone too quickly and get called out.
how do new people get in on this?
so just keep doing this right? im not that smart apparently
dear sleazy shorts ...
wsb: endgame: the beginning: part 3: a revelation
you beautiful bastards
damning segment from robinhood legal disclosure
i will survive (8000>35000>800>33000) also bye robinhood (still holding shares at vanguard)
robinhood traders get bs update from robinhood. here it is.
the game plan for tomorrow 
who knew hedgefunds weren't going to rollover in just a few days and pay out billions to wsb
thank you to all of you. every one of you retards for changing my life
im just a small fish but i can retard like the rest of you  10k is not a meme! 
bb yolo. if it hits $8 ill throw another 10k at it. a big buy and forget about stock.
profits from one week of gme. still not selling 
prisoner's dilemma -  $gme 
$30k loss gme - holding strong 
i am the top caller.
amc options this week 
stephen weiss of short hills capital partners says he owns gme puts
gamestop netflix movie premier date and cast
been real
rip my portfolio -46.7k over 2 months. lost a good chunk with gme weeklies
our anthem
im a retard i don't understand, no sell, no fear, only hold
hold retards.
i spent some time looking into failed to deliver. hopefully, this is some useful information for all of you!
in it to win it
wsb now looking to short-squeeze chuck e cheese game tokens.
i saw this on my way to the store
amc and gme weekly charts not aligned
ef the hedge funds, ef the media, and ef the paper handed bitches. not selling 
for all the new people here, this is what wsb normally is.
virgin galactic $spce
holding here in norway! id convert the currency for yall but i know youre too dumb to read it anyway.
slv yolo
wsb having a chat with wall street part 1
$ipoe  because chamath palihapitiya is a fellow autist
sndl short volume comparisons: highest daily short volume for 2021 at over 150% of float!
friday is important. other tricks they may pull
maybe i'm boring, but this is the most fun i've ever had gambling.
nok yolo wifes bf told me to sell my boomer index funds
bloomberg breaking: sec says its examining market mania for potential misconduct
this is collusion!
thanks for the ice cream rc!
freetrade! cant buy us stocks!
to war against the suits (full video with sound in post)
joining the gme fight
rh is not allowing you to exercise your contracts if you have over their limit
uy the dip
glad the trading limits are lifted for amc&gme, but after the past two weeks i dont have any more capital with which i can buy more shares. cant sell at a %70 loss either. im sure im not the only one in this boat. it is easy to have  at this point if thats any consolation haha
the german version of robinhood ! 
$gme to pluto. power to the people. keep your hands 
is this "fake news"? wsj: "gamestop day traders are moving into spacs"
hedge fund billionaire steve cohen leaves twitter after family receives threats amid gamestop backlash
jungs kauft ein gerade 10000x bb dip gekauft !! gerade ist gnstig buy buy buy
i am a writer and podcaster. when this is all said and done, i want our story to be told accurately. i don't know if i'm the right guy for the job, but...
part 4 - $bb no meems (plus $gme $amc $nok) - ties that bind
definitely nothing suspicious going on here :)
eat the rich
simply put, gme is actually extremely undervalued long term.
just hold on, we're going home
buying that dip! get some!
the volume was higher today why was the price still down?
nok literally going to the moon 
fair value price of gme is 1.2x itself.
psa: moving from robinhood? consider avoiding firms that use apex clearing corp.
recent post patterns
i have figured out why i find this community so alluring. gme gang, i suggest ...
i've lost 89 thousand euros. came for the tendies, stayed for the war against shorters.
virgin galactic v day fantasy ($spce)
hoooooodl
my gain porn....paid off my credit card and university tuition
hows your morning? mara
hold the line   dont let them trick you    thats what short ladder attack looks liketo the moon baby
thank you $gme gang, took a loan late december (proof in a previous comment i made) gme was my first play here, paid off before the first interest! feels like a god to play the system this way.
thanks for nothing...
gamestonk - the space squeeze!
hold on. there are no more shares to short on gme. we are headed to alpha centauri.
$bb $nok yolo! last wednesday this account was worth $52k. 4 trading days later, and now it's worth $9k. the hell is the point in selling now? might as well hold these contracts to the end.
what will happen with an influx of 10+ million users flocked other brokerages over the next two weeks or so?
gave back!
how close are we to flat out owning gamestop? can we help turn this company we just bought around?
cnbc, suit after suit talking about gme
$bb thoughts - feb. 16, 2021
yung quant - gme [melvin capital & citron diss] (official music video)
the show goes on 
wsb - what we do in life, echoes an eternity
rh quietly corrects pltrs eps to show its smash earnings est at $0.06 after 24hrs of media spreading fake headlines.
did yall forget the mission?
amd to the moon
as much as robinhood sucks ass, lets not forget who they report to. citadel and other large market makers are the most corrupt of them all.
how this sub fucked newbies. tl;dr: we need to call out the difference between retarded dd and desperate denying reality dd
charitably-minded autists
institutional ownership of gme is well over 100%. how do shorts cover?
get the rockets ready for inovio! pt of $35, but worth so much more!
this isnt a gamble. this is a war!
daddy chamath just posted this 
i didn't hear no fucking bell. 
which would you rather regret?
i am william wallstreet and i see a whole army of degenerates here in defiance of tyranny
holding $amc $gme
lets go bb 
"how reddit works" - cnbc
this video proves market manipulation
greetings from norway! fellow retard here! bought today right as the markets opened at 150$ watched my money decrease by 50% in an hour
crsr post-iv crush discount yolo 2/11 am update - stock is now officially way oversold and undervalued. doubled down on shares at the bottom too (best buying opportunity of the year for crayon eaters!) 
introducing new members to wsb.
to hell with robinhood 
moon trek: first tendies
gme | set sell limit in your account to prevent your broker from loaning out your shares to shorters
rkt baby! put 50% of my portfolio in rkt. those options tomorrow gonna go green! up 330k. count as gain porn?
lawsuits purring to hit dfv. @mass mutual hit melvin first.  oh wait, who is robin-u-inthe-hood?
$bb go brrrr! all we see is  and 
now, i'm not asking for a lot, but it's been one stressful month 
the hero that we didnt ask for, but the one we needed. the all powerful diamond hands
gme premarket rally
has money sitting in rh, decided to put it all into gme 
$nvda long thesis
the (deep fuckin)mortgage slammer- the squeeze and the diamond $uwmc $rkt
rough week, am i screwed?
let's see what these earnings calls will do to my nokia calls, but if they expire worthless and still holding the shares. im not fucking selling!
finely-sorted carbon fingers daily update. coming back after dropping 220k yesterday. tp: tree(3)! keep on holding!
no retard left behind.
umm ok.. are they not done yet with all these articles
the pre-earnings play unfi to the moon (dd and short squeeze opportunity tendies in one week)
nastiest market manipulation i've ever seen. hold strong boys, payback's comming
gme - tired of feeling left out! bought the dip $100k life savings all in not selling until $5k at least i like this stock!!!!
the big question we have to ask ourselves
i got my seat belt on. im ok with going to the moon but im going to get to mars. lets gooo. you only live once
revenge of the pesants (sound on)
bb  60% down
right at clock out time bois, we still in this together  
top 10 gamestop share holders according to the most recent disclosed positions
all i see is fud
did we all forget the dtc screwed us? robbery!! true and false narratives!!!
only added 100 more today at 230$. i can do this all month.
$820k in $gme lets goooo 
buy you f retards  it's a dip so dip in where going to the moon for sure
stop shilling for the brokers shutting down trading. they are lying to us.
i am poor as shit.
this is for us!
some reassurance for those who are holding from high priced positions!! do not sell! the price action is still very much in our favor!!
citron founder "i started citron to protect the individual against wall street"...
important fucking reminder.
robinhood to allow limited buys starting friday (tomorrow)
wait aoc and elon musk on the same team to defend redditors on r/wallstreetbets? i love 2021!!
gme 1 dollar options
bought my first stock since 2006 last week. gme @ $380. this community in wsb has given me hope that the people can organize against the machine. bought more in todays dip and im not selling. they can take em from me in the grave or buy em from me on mars.
compass pathways [$cmps] - trusting peter thiel with my psychedelics bet
amc shooting up after hours!
we are truly in the roaringg 20s
the more i see everyone talking about the pltr lockup expiration, the more i buy today
the only thing rh's restrictions on thurs accomplished was to bait more shorts into the trap
this rips the mask off. its like a balloon underwater. their hands slipped for just a bit and it was moon time.
bloomberg markets live: gme isnt just crazy, its fishy
you filthy degenerates give me faith in humanity
i am jacks complete lack of surprise
college student gains.  amc
hedge funds are shaking in their doc martens!! +=
i did my part retards , i can do no more .
all "wsb stocks" are being treated the same by the media. they're not the same.
dfv: age of autism 
another class action suit. received this from fidelity buy/sell orders section.
how many stocks did the viking buy? hes not fucking selling. to the moon. if he can hold, we can hold. 
palantir (pltr) is oversold
$1.1m and only down $35k. amc will rebound once covid vaccines are given, hollywood has been holding back on good movies because they know streaming doesnt many any money, theaters will always exist for the same reason baseball fields will always exist: they are the american pastime.
ryan cohen tweet reference for anyone interested gme.
why tlry is still a great move
point72 claims to be down 15% because they are backstopping mc. i caution that is a spin piece and point72 could be taking the market down intentionally to gain.
class action lawsuit for gme/amc/bb
when temptation knocks.... hold the fucking line!!!!!
what's to stop them from doing ladder drops and buying cheap shares to cover their stock like they did the past 2 days?
diamond hands. to the moon!!!
bought more, had a coupon
even through the roughest waters, gme is keeping me afloat 
position update. still hodling
diamond hands in space
holding strong 
is $pltr still a buy after insider stock sell off?
$dis is the way.
let's talk about taxes: both realized gains and realized losses (usa only)
psa: if you are holding gme calls that you plan to exercise, exercise them before closing!
doing my best...not selling, im in this for the memories
amd dd: a former meme ready to reignite the rocket fuel
bb is the future
amc  it only works at if we......
bought 10gme at open and 100rkt at open 
cnbc and reuters doxx dfv.
25 y/o pharmd with no more school loans and $50k richer thanks to bcrx #stonks 
no one cared who we were till we bought gme and amc
i think im doing well in 2021.
nokia yolo [2021-01-29] weekly update.
even yahoo finance knows what's up. recommend to hold. so you know what will i do then.
it aint much, but its honest work...
hard first loss, day trader options, onward and hopefully upwards. send tendies.
at this point, selling is just stupid
wee snaw
jim cramer gave an interview on how the hedge funds manipulate the markets
daily discussion thread for february 15, 2021
an informative fable
$amc cup and handle formation
managed to grab a position in gme before this next moon shot.
hooooold!
$nok close to its daily high
it probably costs a lot of money placing a bullshit story in several different outlets. only a hedge fund facing infinite losses would probably ever do something this stupid.
a message from a fellow squid
who had wsb uniting congress on their 2021 bingo card?
$pltr the only yolo i do, insane value play. cathiekarp i love yall
dont sleep on hims
its the weekend, nothing is going to go on. go outside for a walk, eat some good food, stay hydrated and have plenty of rest for the big week next week.
here are the top donors for the members of congress in tomorrow's gamestop hearing
autista: this is the prisoners dilemma. (i.e. don't paperhand, and here is why)
rh is already cooking shenanigans
former sec senior council member
$uwmc $13k this morning lets gooo
sending reinforcements from cannons creek, new zealand. kefe!!!!!!
tlry dd: 420.69% gainz
buying gme at top 500@175 yesterday. wish me luck
please stop targeting and harassing people. i think its clear we are looking for a short squeeze but lets leave it at that. be better than the institutions and dont stoop to their level
why is the stock plummeting so much? mark cuban will tell you why!
if rh wants me to sell, then i will - $4206.9 or bust
short seller ladder attacks - an eli5 explanation
i went full retard and bought 15 kilograms of silver. i just like that it's so shiny.
could u/deepfuckinvalue personally start the short squeeze?
yolo! ready for launch 
lol - not selling
hold the fucking line you paper handed fucks!
robinhood hiring 'federal affairs manager' as congressional hearings on gamestop scandal loom
psa for all the newbies who feel lost and afraid
clear cup and handle pattern forming. 
just bought my first gme  diamond hands boys
this could be me.
so let me try and understand this sec investigation and how it is not just a massive waste taxpayer money and resources.
fuck your loss porn heres my first 1000% return
breaking: webullglobal ceo anthony denier says that "high-level phone calls" are being made to get $gme $amc $aal trading back live for retail investors.
a message to all the fucking, don't forget that $gme at $80 is completely undervalued even for the long term, buy the fucking dip!
update from the scientist who posted original nvax dd: nvax reports best efficacy to date against original covid variant (95.6%) and remains massively undervalued 
since everyone else is posting.... i too, am still holding.
this price is too low for me...so i went all in
restricted markets = low volume manipulation = big price movements by small crowds
anybody else notice a lot of amc shilling? big boys manipulating sentiment?
rkt - massive squeeze setup!
sec tip site is down! keep at it you beautiful apes! $gme ftw!
i'll meet you boys in shell city     *full video in description*
total short volume for amc 2/2/2021 for off exchange
thanks, but who sold them to me? i hope theres room for 1 more 
in cathie we trust who needs diversification.
cathie woods now owns over 1% of palantir. time to sell your homes to go all in.
keep err going, keep eeerrr goooingg
bb's many clients and partners
coach u/deepfuckingvalue: our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
ladies and gentlemen, we did it!
fired of another 3k this morning on amc. i aint fuckin sellin! 
while i saw all others realizing losses, i held... for weeks with a deep minus of over 60%. when it started we were around 1 mio. people here. now we are over 9 mio. only on reddit. i'm ready for round 2 guys. lets push amc & gme back to the moon again   
still here. money grows back. the opportunity to be a part of what you retards are doing here is once in a lifetime.
far more money has been lost by investors preparing for corrections, or trying to anticipate corrections, than has been lost in corrections themselves...
reinforcements from mexico, reporting in!  hold!!
wake up gme
ig in the uk has now banned new gme positions!
can't talk, buying more stocks.
im retarded and i like the stock
bought what i can and plan to hold it till it  to the moon. my contribution to the cause 
we in dis together daddy musky
they'll have to pry them from our diamond hands
all in on gamespot
i'm losing and holding!  this will be the rise of the apes! $gme 
when i joined this community of gambling apes all i wanted was to become rich & retarded on my way to the moon but in times like these its not about the money, its about the message do u think im a financial advisor?
my sincere thank you to r/wsb
10000.00 minimum limit order. 
colbert has our back too
ape thoughts
wouldnt taking amc  and diamond handing help gme squeeze? hear me out smooth brains  
understanding how gme got to >100% short
why this is different than the volkswagen squeeze of 2008
step 1: open your eyes retards! step 2: did you? the eyes are those big balls on your face fyi step 3: enjoy the lovely view of pluto in the horizon!!!!! we are arriving soon 
pltr up 6% ah base on just cnbc news??!!!??! will pltr become the #1 or even the #2 on swaggy stocks??
robinhood forced margin calls by removing all my margin. then wouldnt let me deactivate rh gold!
steve cohen appears to have deleted his twitter. that was quick
you know what to do
$rkt will make the shorts give you their 
most of you may have deleted robinhood, but they are now allowing buying 5 gme's
newly assigned gme shares. 800 more shares for me. ill gladly get assigned at $85 average cost. wanna know why? i like the fucking stock. 
its not much but its honest work 
double dipped from sweden 
im glad i sold my other positions to buy more gme this morning
doing my part from bulgaria (fuck vlad), 35 more shares during the dip, currently all-in with 55k$ as of now  take us to valhalla 
positive start in germany guys. we need to push one more time before the weekend. 
enphase energy (enph) pre-earnings (feb 9) extensive dd
robinhood can 69 me
$rkt is ready to go to uranus  and i know you like that
i like the stock
last week i thought i was one of you. this week i know i'm one of you. hold
dont get lost in the sauce: what i miss and you should too
i dont know whats happening other than we are diamond handing this
elon musk: absolutely
wtf?
 - i like the stock
hims and open yolo update - 157k to $2.2mm. cathie loaded up on both 
let's talk about the gme $800 calls for 2/5, 2/12, 2/19 and 3/19
a friendly reminder to all that short sellers are not the problem.
media confirms robinhood was used and is being used to directly manipulate the market. this is very serious and must be investigated sec.
$230k+ gme yolo update 03/08 :: its only the beginning 
peterffy admits to market manipulation?
join the movement #amclong $amc 
red means buy the dip
guys help! i dont know what to pack for our trip to mars tomorrow!
media quoting obvious throw-away account in their silver push. small pp plays.
wallstreetbets the movie. who is writing/directing/acting?
hope you are ready to buy tomorrow..
gme amc due dili friday 2/26 9:30am est short borrow rates and availability
i think the hf's are leaving the writers of the 800c 2/5 options as the bag holders.
im still holding gme but rkt did me well.
the only dd you need on academy sports + outdoors $aso - the 4th most shorted stock with 91% institutional ownership 
crazy influx of "gme bad" everytime the market is open, ain't it?
a message to the infiltrators
adam smith told citadel to get fucked 300 years ago
i was a corpo, but now i see: wsb was right all along.
if noone can buy,will the price still go up if we just keep holding??
lets fucking go! we will do better without these pussy ass paperhands 
seeing all these ideas of selling popping up, let me share a few words of stoicism from epictetus
purchased 4 gme & holding steady on 450 amc.
down 1k but i'm no  pussyo. i'll hold till mars and beyond 
gme - catch me if you can
the media narrative vs the wsb i know
pltr locked and loaded after riding other stonks to 550% gains
robinhood restricting shares you can hold of $amc to 10. this some bitch shit.
$220k flesh wound. if hes still in, im still in 
gme bloomberg terminal 3/05 eow
finally can afford a ps5... again!
why meme investing should be considered a religion
let's gooo!!!!! was able to buy just before close!!
take care of the sub new wave :) 
the funds flooded this page with bots. read for proof.
$uwmc simple thought on why i think it 
prepped for a moon shot amc
what is the short interest after 1/27?
unlimited power!
no selling
if $gme$ hits $200 this week i will buy every single item on r/activedeals & donate it to my local hospital.
gme shares are worth more than 2500 $ each
any thoughts on what next after we hit the big one next week? ...only
my diamond hands are shaking
never relent. they have tried 'tactical retreat' in the past, expect they will try the same. i just like the stock
nok nok. greetings 99.9999% brethren. anyone ready for this bad boy to zoom zoom?
if i can  then so can you! buy that dip!
in for 100 - gme - yolo - helping my fellow apes
cresco labs ($crlbf) - why i like this weed stock
wallstreetbets: the animation
not much, but doing what i can. support from netherlands incoming! 
ahh the good old times. loss porn but still hodling. had 20k$ profit now down 15k initial investment. do i give a fuck? no pussy.
what if noone sells for 1 month?
the case for gme through analysis of... pokmon.
just some more gme loss porn for you guys...i still like the stock though 
who needs sex when etoro put auto stop-loss that can't be removed?
mark cuban tells wallstreetbets to hold if you can afford to
stop fucking selling retards
amc borrow rate increasing substantially
a diversified wsb yolo portfolio
bcrx -- a group of longs from stocktwits make their case
no words needed...
keep bb above $15 to fuck wall street  make them pay
long-time lurker, im never wrong though. first time buying stocks, lets go!! hold!!!
dont panic just hold 
hold!!!!! 
if you're freaking out, you may be too invested
how and why nok will reach the moon?
why we're seeing some brokers restrict trading and why you need to move to a self clearing broker.
the hunter has become the hunted
why hedge funds should fear $amc & why their trolls will post here
gme, amc, bb, nok, nakd, amc and more will be available for "limited buys" tomorrow on robinhood! they are feeling the pressure!!
it's like a heartbeat, which means this stock is still alive. only thing we can do now is resuscitate it.
aduped hodler
buy it up apes!
i am not fucking selling 
buy shares they said... $100k from $2,500. my life has been changed.
dont believe the hype stay clear of the small pharmas 
lawsuit against robinhood for gme wallstreetbets stop
where my ogs at????
am i the only one that gets turned on when i see red?
gain porn
we have risen 
why it is in robinhood's best interest to lower the price of gme
this is all i watched
list of questions congress needs to ask for the the next meetings so that they can understand.
they are trying so hard guys....
 pltr yolo 
just bought amc and ht to squeeze out the shorts!!! supporting my fellow retards holding all the way to the moon!!! 
amc 2tm~!
buy gme and amc
ive got a friend who is all in on gme 
robinhood lifts restrictions - the flood gates are open
prediction on hedge funds next attack
statement from robinhood on their absolute fuckery
a message to wsb
we can do this 
yes, i am scared, so give me some hope, holding holding holding
 operation moon $nok nok pt.2 (origin story)
one step closer 
my best performing asset currently is a mutual fund.....i should really consider finding another hobby.
still holding my little bit. im not leaving till my wifes boyfriend hands me my tendies
bloomberg data request thread
new gme holder. been lurking for a few days. decided to get involved and went all-in this morning. not a financial advisor, just a retarded monkey and like the stock. i have memories of going to gamestop growing up.
all in and fuck it
amc yolo update - 29 jan
just bought another 100 amc.
short hedges got 1 part of this wrong, these are 
1 mil or bust
bank robbery ongoing as the authorities investigate.
hooooolllllldddd! meat is still on the menu boys. 
this is the price my gme 02/19 $40 call peaked at yesterday, this is a sign.
a boss fight has many phases
get ahead of the mainstream media narrative now while you all have the upper hand.
repost: uwmc solid dd and why it will hit $40
all of us right now. 
here is why i think pltr is going to the moon right now 
amc on cashapp!
will the shorts have to cover at all?
$bb down 58k holding with my 
mark cuban wants us to hold, so we hold. stronger together.
i wonder if now's a good time to start considering averaging down?
jim cramer is both your enemy and your informant. have a listen to what he truthfully thinks about short sellers and hedge funds since he used to manage one.
i think this comment belongs in r/agedlikemilk
just a friendly reminder that gme has 3.4k+ job offers open
im 24 year old, i lost $54,000 (95% of my life savings) in 2020 trading options, and i will financially recover from this.
its so good that i have to try it a second time 
why bb and gme are diamond hands and have huge potential
pltr and the battle between institutional vs retail investors ownership
i was content with 100,000ps until they started messing with us more.. so i canceled.. cause... i aint leaving!!
cant afford to hold the stock, still holding! hodor!!!
some background on $hims, a branded telehealth company offering  pills, and why i'm super bullish
still hodling - new price target $500k/share
lmao
doubled down on my apple position  stay tuned
the first domino falls. clarity money(under goldman sachs) closing shop
when you're a gme multi-millionaire, you're going to want to commemorate your first million....
holding my gme shares stronk!! pick me up apes pls! some gain porn for retards
my position & gme technical analysis; i'm not fucking selling 
this bear raid and their spoofing is textbook market manipulation and in the united states under section 9(a)(2)[1] of the securities exchange act of 1934 it is illegal.
fuck it, just bought 2000$ worth of calls of rkt, also bought 10 gme, to the moon retards 
boeing incident investigation paired with its big rise in friday primed it for a drop tomorrow imo
stop loss sweeps - how the game is being rigged
quick summary i made of the feb 18 "game stopped" hearing - the stonky bunch intro
palantir holders know no borders, just money 
ah sh*t! here we go again!
canada holding on for dear life. sold all my other positions to stick it to the man
someone said it's a short ladder attack but am so retarded i dnt know what's that... me only speak one language.... hold buy more hold..... gme to the moon.....you understand?
this is really getting depressing
hold with me boys and girls. bought more this am. do not fear the dip #dnftd
the fuck does this mean? #deleterobinhood
if i can hold then you all also can apes diamonds  hands 
love from canada, will support you guys till death.
bb chief technology officer confirms "there is a number of active drone engagements that have happened and are happening" @18:10 
gme apeticipation
rh cancelled my 10k limit order last night, td did it last week, rh did it last night
holddthe final raid on melvin capital - - - - - - - -
each $gme share is basically a blank check
if ppl were excited to buy gme @ 300s n 400s, how can you not be excited to buy @ 30 or 40? i remember buying mine around 17!!
europoor is holding the line! rh lifted the restrictions, prepare for take-off today!
not much but im helping
fractional share buying on robinhood is back 
paper handed gme 2 weeks ago, this time im back cuz i just like the stonk, btw i also added amc to the moon we go 
100% of rkt 3/5 options are itm
this is it, this is the last dip and it's to the moon from here  $$$gme$$$
fake news, hedge funds and why the media is a bunch of butt pirates 
bought more! let's drive amc and gme to the freaking sky!!!!!! 
last week - "you fucking morons, those degenerates don't give a fuck about silver. astroturf distractions of companies they can be tricked into caring about!"
variety is giving us a chance to tell our side of the story instead of the one being pushed by msm
i want to kill myself
1 share of gme and 75 of amc
motley fool mentioning $bb as #1 pick right now
expecting my pltr lockup to end on feb 18th
we are still in this fight
canadian checking in, let's go 
$uwmc catalysts
amc short interest %
the #1 online casino company $rsi is primed for autism
finally in the green sold everything today and going all in to gme tomorrow!
rocket companies (rkt) dd - an undervalued gem
nottttt selllingggg
gevo is a great company with lots of upside potential
how wall street may try to take gme tendeis from retail investors and how retail investors can protect themselves
mod gods. time to relax and skim through achievements. wsb is #1 - yo u/johnnycupcakes we made it !!!!
just a little doodle for the apes that stand together - to the moon!
1 day loss of meme stocks, scared money dont make none. dont be a , be a 
know what you are buying: the asset or a cfd (gme, bb, amc etc.)
wow! a discount price so i can get the max amount of shares allowed on rh? nice  boys!
nok extends partnership with a1 telekom to provide 5g radios
more gme reinforcements on the way
for all those who doubt the "gamma squeeze" because you think the calls are covered already...
whew can't say it's been easy but fully believe in the squeeze. we can stay autistic longer than you can stay solvent didn't sell at $$80 and won't sell at anything below $$42069  it's always darkest before dawn
hold the line, we run in to the fire, but we will come out retarded. hold the damn line
$bb info for yall
amc analysis for monday in retardies
i'm a gme astronaut but in order for me to get to space i might need a rocket.
bought gme at 380. going to hold
sunday morning motivation
go to the moon amc
buy the dip - it goes good with tendies (i stand with you retards to the end...)
we needed the 320s itm....
dave and busters baby gain. wait for moon.
not much but helping from hungary too 
robin hood canceled my limit order of 6999$ usd rip
they are trying to make us sell. because of this i threw in $1500 more to amc 
l o s e r s, what happened is that you lost us forever
boomer dad threatening to lock me out of my td account if i didn't sell today. if i can hold, so can you!!
robinhood ceo, regulators to testify at house hearing on gamestop frenzy
how it started, and how it's going 
50% of my portfolio ah on $gme. i'm just half retarded.
imagine using an investment app instead of trading app to go all in on $gme (no day trading or stop losses) 
got in on 19 shares for you guys today. i know it ain't much but i'm here to hold!
what if i told you, you could buy a rolls royce for 1 gbp?
bb yolo - i like black berrys 
short sale and volume analysis suggests squeeze is not over yet
$ag gain today. just the beginning, silver has a long way to go. watch out jp morgan

amc yolo hand i joined late
the big scandal: some explanations & why trading got halted.
if there is a short squeeze here is why it will happen before the 9th.
yea, you know those gme shares i put in order to buy last night? well, that order's been cancelled.
taking it to the moon!!!
thanks for the discount on amc. another 5k. support from canada my fellow apes
$rkt ready for take-off...
coworker had a limit executed of a little over half a share this morning for $5,124.50 per share. i am convinced that $1,000 is absolutely not the top.
wsj tries to compare us to qanon?
hold
people are beginning to solicit posters in threads for cash with sob stories. they may be real, they may not, but the sub should be aware that it is happening.
i haven't sold, i just bought more. i think i have a stock fever. you should hold too. 
there is no "we"
gamestopball - the final battle for alpha centauri
virging galactic test flight window opens this weekend! spce can go to the moon!
every buy matters!
my retard rtx3070 is still holding!
bb yolo :( please go up
as much as i can afford rn, and now i hold. 
lawmakers: make a legislation requiring brokers/clearing houses to pass "stress tests"
how to punish rh.
robinhood nyc and its ceo have been a casualty in this mess. it would be nice for if they were added to y'alls donation list
extra dumb question about amc
this would hurt... if i intended to sell them  buy it, hold it, bop it!
i control the market!!! gme to moon  
lets all watch the wallstreetbets movie together when it comes out in amc theatres
loss porn - i'm not leaving. diamond hands bc i like the stocks
refer to the graphic describing volkswagens moass [gme]
two months pay lost today. its okay though, tomorrow i go back to the banana factory. im not fucking selling! $bb, $gme, $amc
buy high and hold? or sell when low? dude behind wendy's said something when i was sucking his dick. $nok
short squeeze fever!!!! hold strong my friends this is just the beginning 
diamond drowned gme bagholder rides rkt to the sun (6300% on first ever options trade)
apparently retail is helping the super rich and screwing the little hedge fund guys...  ok boomerberg
robinhood raised 1 billion from investors in order to keep up!
wall street faces washington crackdown after gamestop manipulation
printer go brrrrrrrrrr
position
we gon get some tendies.
newbie and holding! you're not alone, hold strong!
tdc 5x immediate upside
for my amc boys theres more we can do to drive the stock up, on top of just holding.
hey, i'm still holding. are you? 
gme.. better to lose trying. round 2.. fight.
the one stonk. an ode to u/deepfuckingvalue by zed.
melvin and co. vs retards
@wsbchairman is not an official account
 rally to me gme call holders to protect yourself from ah short attack!
td ameritrade not allowing any new short positions to be established
$rkt not stopping, lfg!
just doing my part gme gang
that's what i call a coming out.
finally in the fight hold the fuckin line
buy and hold autists!
story time: silver short squeeze
morpheus has helped calm my nerves today.
down 800k usd, not selling - think rationally you apes
i like to the stock to the moon and never back 
this is real. read the comment look at the profile and try to tell me this isnt a bot!!
thought experiment gme
february pharma bets for gambling degenerates
publically reported major hedge fund losses as of 1/29, back of the napkin math
guh
i'm up 77k and holding. 

this is the type of self-righteous thinking thats permeating the old financial establishment
$12k yolo on $rkt
large purchases of gme, expr, amc, nakd, sndl last hour of today's market closing
holding!!! 
imo: squeeze is still coming. and they know it. they're using both sides to minimize total losses. covering short positions during these "manufactured" dips. and then planning to make additional $ on these $800+ call options. thus, minimizing their total losses once we leave the atmosphere. 
what this could mean $gme
i changed my life by selling at $400 a share. it's nothing fancy but i cut my car monthly bill by 1/3.
the 99.2% amc stock being held statement is false. here's why
what would that 0.1% financial transaction tax mean for us, for hedgies, and for hft?
down 10k since thursday and 5k today; i'm not selling.
$tsla gang hodl till valhalla
its 3am in east coast sn, i need to be up in 4 hours but fuck it.. lets go ya bogans, someone get me a fuckin tinny before the  takes off!
i bought the gme dip. slv rugpull money is going to fund a second short attack on gme.
gme squeeze explained by /u/p08c/ - some fundamentals for you retards
the fintechs really did us a solid one last thursday
guys, i lost over $1500 on amc now, so i panicked and bought 22 more shares. 
gamestop: your build-a-pc workshop
psa: ibkr says no gme available to short today.
td ameritrade sell limits imposed for 29 jan = share price + $1,000
a fair warning to everyone involved in this one in a million situation .
they're trying, but the momentum is on our side
why does rh have to cancel a girl's $10,000 $gme limit sell dream?
15,000 $bb soldiers @ c$11, adding more forces tomorrow. whos with me?!?
gme $50 call 3/5 from $595 to $6.2k so far!
possible hf strategy to shake out the  before the 
why brokerages shut down buys for gme and others
do they mean "retards" or "autists"?
please check my crayon math: hf holding outstanding $gme short shares are paying $15mm in interest per day.
am i the first person to go bankrupt on $tsla?
janet yellen to meet with regulators on gamestop, market volatility: yea, none of us are going to be allowed in that room
holding the base for yall!!
stop exposing your losses and positions. they are using this against us!!!!!!!!!!
gme long term story the media won't tell you. must read!!!
data scraping this subreddit because apparently r/wsb makes the market now. are they aware that some users have already made perfectly fine scrapers which are publicly available?
the week of 2/1 in a nutshell
andrew left of citron signals a pivot into the "bailout solicitor" business. this comes just days after hurling questionable allegations of threats by gme long position holders. the leeches are starting to lose their grip, fellas.
angels in the otm: what a ballgme on deck ! 
thought i lost $10k but instead i lost $9k so $1k in found money! gonna celebrate it with hookers and coke!
i'm feeling the need to point out the difference between covering and closing a short position.
(2/11) thursday's pre-market stock movers & news
turned my 6k into 13k this month holding gme. on monday we go to the moon boys 
young college retard holding monke strong together 
my grandfather would not be proud my investment strategy
wealthsimple needs to hurry up and clear my money more gme shares are needed 
hold you positions autists
the importance of volume
look ma, i made it, i'm up 40,000%!!!
why altria ($mo) leaps may have huge asymmetric upside 
fidelity rocks, fuck robinhood.
i don't have much, but i still want to go to the moon (gme)
pov: wsb counter-terror unit
fuck the shorts (full video in comments)
tip to make  easy and avoid fud.. stay away from wsb on weekends, it fills up with shills and .. come back monday morning and enjoy the vibe.
robinhood raises $1 billion in mad dash for cash
should we believe this guy????? viking down 20%, point 72 down 9%, citadel down 15%, d1 down 30%
short information coming out on the 9th for gme
buy bb! just because i had one of those ugly black berries back in the day with the pens in 2001 and it lasted me through out my deployments for 4 years!
what you can do to bring down the share float and further the short squeeze!
pltr yolo update  sold my house to buy the dip  march 5 2021
remember! thats the dip!
an open letter to hedge funds
the supreme leader protects me from myself
monkey get banana, other monkey take bite. monkey mad... monkey buy more banana. monkey grip strong, monkey fuse carbon molecule. monkey no let go
it ain't much but send it to fkin 10k. i like the stock.
shorts playbook
citadel is doubling down, this is war
hey wsb - you are the goddamn hedgefund!
long time lurker first time poster. today i bought the dip and gained 26 gme and 2 amc after previously buying 2 gme on robbinhood
move to signal! 
short interest, why numbers seem weird
to the innovative entrepreneurs who were attacked by aggressive short selling over the last years.
there is no context, robbinghood! your move manipulated the market. we are holding!
please be careful, there seems to be a misconception that the short interest ratio is frequently updated (gme)
 
32k to 17k | gme and amc loss porn 
$rkt gang assemble. everyone gets a urus.
here is my takeaway tl/dr from the rh ceo and cnbc interview in case you missed it.
a short story that will inspire you to hold during these trying times.
down $60k and i'm holding 
there is a suspicious amount of posts mocking people and saying to sell. what difference does it make if you sell now? none who cares about 50 dollars? no one. so most people will probably hold, yet they're being encouraged to sell...
 behold my tribute to /u/deepfuckingvalue and his sweet, fucking headband  (version with sound in comments)
been a lurker on here for a while since the gme stuff started kicking off. wanted to say that even newbies to stocks can have diamond hands! i'm in the company of great, giant idiots and i can't think of a better place for my money right now. your money isn't gone unless you sell. stay strong!
entered @260$ greetings from germany
apes together strong. wasn't able to post this until now.
for many of you that forgot about this, cause spammers claims its over ......i will hold to the moon!!! while you keep spamming its over 
league of legends is with us! [satire] report: due to a highly volatile win rate, every player is currently limited to 3 swain games a day.
do any of my fellow autists talk to their stocks?
i know you guys probably don't need another reminder but just know that we're in this together. down basically my entire portfolio but i am still holding.
trap the gme shorts
 hold
the 27% increase today already cost the shorts 368 million tendies, i think the battle is just beginning
$gme is not down. its simply on sale 
why i am not selling my gme, reverse fomo
im buying hold just like everyone is talking about. im never selling  
important math lesson for the paper hands - retail owns the $gme float
take a pause and think for a minute before downvoting non gme posts
uwmc $34k yolo update 3/4/21
yolo $gme to the moon!
spent all the money from my summer job on amc and gmc
 holding!!
first time buying shares (ever).
simple, short and sweet, smooth brain dd for why $rkt is going to 
theory: we were f***ing right about $gme and sec had to put a cap on infinite losses; hedge funds did not necessarily get off easy.
mackenzie bezos has better  than you autists
down down down. buy more i guess
will amc jump in price?
revenge of the autists: how r/wallstreetbets will change finance forever
words from an ex sec official and the fallout of the great squeeze of 2021!!!!!!!!!!!
this just in. fuck rh
 &  (boomers) are going to miss the biggest gains of there lives
i have a confession...
you started this, now commit to the fucking play
loaded up 80 more shares gme! i like the stock! 
remember gme insiders cannot sell due to pre-earnings blackout period
$gme
bought the dip thanks the discount 
my first yolo trade. $124k on uwmc. let's gooooo 
proof that swedes have f-ing! (circled in red is the amount of users that own gme within swedens largest brokerage firm avanza.) sweden have a population of 10m so this is quite remarkable. were all in this together! 
gme could go to $1 and i will still hold
the case for shorting rh's ipo
if you have itm options: roll them out to next month. heres why
the duplicitous nature of mainstream media - blackberry [bb] news
it's only one...but it's all i had.
first post! <$5.5k to $206.5k! bought the calls at the end of december 2020.
you retards convinced me. 
how to have   you ask? set insanely high sell limits and walk away. not advice, im an idiot like all of you.
why isn't anybody talking about the ultimate meme stock going public march 10th roblox!
wealthsimple ceo warns investors 'who don't know what they're doing
hold or bust
massachusetts secretary of state
fight them with your wallet! take your business elsewhere. enough is enough
gme support: post your position, show your brothers and wife's bf that you are still holding
the bullish case for tanger outlets (skt)
its not much but its an honest living  . also down 3k due to a recent amc investment...
don't tell me where my money should go
circle of life
holding is not enough
humble $gme gains from an 18 year old
for the non-americans - did you realize gamestop owns eb games, thinkgeek, and micromania-zing
holding $bb till it goes to the moon!! get in on the dip!  disclaimer- not an financial adviser (im a retard dont listen to me)
my investment in gme
tomorrows a green day for sure 
palantir rise: no dips, only moons
puts on nyt; they're a publicly traded company on the nyse - fuck them for trying to change the narrative with shit headlines
  even et is united with us  
$gme: the biggest stalemate of the 21 century...
todays threshold (not financial advice)
when i was, a young , my father, took me into the market, to hold with diamond   !!!s
the gme rocket fully charged
romania is with you  put all my money in this and held through it all. it's not a lot, i'm only 18, so i got nothing to lose. also these hedge funds gave me more reasons to hold. not fucking leaving 
robinhood & small broker trading didn't make the volatility rise
anybody else have a real shitty day?
amc holding!! 
its only the pre squeeze
to all you scared bitched thinking of selling, i recommend you buy
why i will continue to  gme- this one is for the noobs and true smooth brains.
a humble retard that loves you all
hold the line. diamond hands . . .
10k on gme today
we need a new flair for non-meme stocks
milkshakes!
$39k to $500k in one month - long gme
i am waiting for next week. gme 
check this out
amc solid
squeeze wars ep. iii revenge of the shorts
shoutout to all of the bagholders out there i understand now much this shit hurts-holding bb until 200$ or until i die
wish i could buy more, but doing my part as best i can, to the moon 
uncle charlie says we're making money "in a dirty way." ha!
hagens bermans files class action lawsuit against dfv
hold my friends, this is where legends are born
my love letter to the retards.
bought more and still holding the line here in denmark 
not completely sure of what im doing but, holding a bit from italy! 
putting in the bones i have 
ha! suckers, my favorite color is red 
last tuesday and wednesday were the most exciting days of my life in the market...i hit 64k and was over the moon thennnn thursday came around lol. havent sold a share tho.  all the way through. this war is not over ladies and gents. stick it to the big man 
holding strong  
sold my free rh gme back in march. true wrinkle brain
bianco sums up the state of things do not sell and give them an out they want to play chicken they will lose
420 wasnt a meme. gme   
here's my loss so far. enjoy.
sauron mt doom fundamental spotted
went full retard and bought all the gme gift cards at cvs #holdtheline
a watershed moment in financial mathematics: what cnbc and the hedge funds don't want you to know
tendie day
wsb truman show
one of my favorite traders, sven henrich, has apparently been making out with the sub in secret
jumping on amc. heres to yolo!
opportunity is noking! nok gang, earnings will justify launch. get on the ship before takeoff! lets go  we like the stonks!!!
my $gme stake isn't as impressive as some of you glorious retards, but i still wear my losses with pride... and i'm not fucking selling!! 
barrons boomers are becoming self aware
is the 9th really going to be the breakthrough event were all hoping for?
real talk for those feeling like they got left holding the bag
some gains to brighten up our day (still holding bang)
love this shit
im not fking selling!
after weeks being yelled at by everyone i know for not selling, now i can laugh at their faces! you guys make me smileeeeeeee
after an eating some cyan crayons & an 8k 'ish investment & see this return is solid af! this is my 1st experience trading like this & i am thankful to all of you retarded  like me who had mutha-fuckin   & held after the last few weeks of being upside-down hanging on for dear life!
knew $rkt was going to dip, rode it down, then bought shares at the dip to help you retards out with call contracts.
question. is anyone else being followed...?
keep it coming boys, we are ready for launch 
hold!!
fsd v8.3 has "literally 1,000 improvements" - are you getting it yet? tesla ai is coming.
gme up to under $100k now!
the system
reminder for those looking to make gains on the gme squeeze effect in amc. lower prices for more shares dont equal more gains.
im holding my 20 shares of gme because it doesnt cost me anything to hold them.
hodling for dear life 
mama told me always buy things on sale now. so i did!
we single handedly changed history. we saved the movie business. they wanted us to stay inside. they wanted to control us. dont let them. live your life and lets break records. everyone go watch a movie tonight!
news: girl scouts signs $87 billion dollar deal to use palantir (pltr) software for cookie distribution optimization.
it's not much, but it's honest work. original amc entry $2.27, sold on the way up and re-entered.
bought in this morning $gme
the big short 2: electric boogaloo
gme gang is back.
the next short squeeze 
more fuel for the 
the people have spoken. . to the moon 
im hodling this for you fucking apes. 
gme - ready for liftoff 
today is the day to do your job with pltr
if gme dips buy the dip 
fidelity app pm trading
loss porn 
can i be one of you guys?
find 3 same lines 
mods can we discuss the no <1b rule. that was when we had 1.5m people with 9m users it's time to discuss updating it.
thanks for the dip today! i was able to lower my avg price a little 
gme prayer to the moon
europoor point of view on gme and robinhood restrictions
tesla drew it's own logo after hours
will history repeat itself this morning? just a loser looking at charts. wild guess prediction: open around the 150-175 range, have a really sweet melt-up till about 10:30am, see steep crash till 12:30pm, bounce off previous day mid (maybe $65), then calm down. open huge tomorrow. hold and buythedip
heard you guys are giving awards for gme losses? here's mine. ~$70k actual loss but still diamond hands. the loss in robinhood account is higher than shown in the pics, due to expired options.
an open letter to david faber of cnbc
huge uptick in short exempt volume today for gme because brokers can fuck you publicly!
dfv hold
hey you paper-handed bitches, this. is. the. way!!!!!!!!!! now: share this with one of your paper-handed, bitch-ass, crayon-munching friends (this is not financial advice, i don't know what i'm talking about, i simply like making memes and the $gme stonk)
gme amc hedge fund analysis
if hedgefunds think my smooth brain is selling at -60%, youre very wrong. im holding to $10,000. 
i just put my kids college fund into $gme.
20 years from today you will be regretting not investing at least $1000 in gme
rh said they would open up trades again but im still getting restrictions to buy. ive got cash in my account to cover and im not using margins. is this more manipulation? video evidence attached.
its not much but it's all i have.

100 shares at 37 and 150 shares at 97. bought the dip at 135. thank you wsb for the what might be the best trades ill ever make. now considering getting back in....after all, hes still in.
when will gamestop issue new shares?
never selling baby!!! 
short $tsla for years.. decided to long with weeklies... fuck man.
to the newcomers! (from a newcomer!)
its not a loss unless you sell, $10k gme is not a meme.  are the people in this sub crazy or do we know something that you dont ?? 
been higher, been lower, im still here
reddit sluts holding strong with you (95@138 avg)
i'm not fucking selling
tdc - deeper dd as promised
i can do this all day, i'm too horny for $gme   
congress will scrutinize reddit trading tactics
death and taxes...and $sci to the moon 
don't move a muscle.
my salute and thank you to this subreddit
stock market 2.0 [an idea]
momma aint raise no b*tch
truth is, the game was rigged from the start
the next black swan: reeeeeeetail crushes funds and causes a market selloff
a manifesto for wsb. how to beat wall street at their own game and live to tell the tale.
still holding here thru the hearing
is there a legitimate case for a amc short squeeze as people are expecting (not much amc dd around)
buy silver its going to moon they said, make sure you hold your $gme and $amc 
madoff, sec, wsb, gme, etc...
im actually retarded and bought these calls right at market open
reddit - we gotta keep pushing $gme - it'll go brrrrrrrrrrrr soon!!!!!
still holding! all my savings guys!
the real price for gme is infinity, but at that price your option is worth nothing.
bought 10 more gme. i'm not selling.
should i sell everything and buy gme tomorrow? btw im actually down 353k on this portfolio 
up $66k today on amc. only $19k to break even before the rocket takes off!
stop using robin hood you nuttsrs its interests are not yours
6k loss  hopefully if you did this right you're sitting on cash you can play with and ready to show the true value of amc and gme.  buying more tomorrow.
figured id join the loss porn club.... sorta. its been a great ride with nio but im pretty sure you can see where i could have been with gme and amc. still holding with these . if dfv can buy more, so can you.  
it's not in the realm of amazing as others here, but it's a life changing amount for me and my wife. holdin strong! i appreciate everyone contributing the dd and encouragement. this is a wonder community full of smart and generous people. gl to all this week!
seems webull is out now too
i looked at $unfi and realised its massive short-term-potential
media fix is in. now they say we are buying puts?
going to the moon! hold boys!
$uwmc only have a float of ~90.29 million w 42.5 million available. before the close today, traded only half of the float while 11.90 million is shorted. today jim cramer tweeted about it after hours sending it +15%. uwmc going to the mooooooon!!!!!
crsr - corsair gaming dd and why it's undervalued
i stand with my fellow apes!
the story of my retard hood is melvin shorted tesla because elon said gamestonk. they cost me 3000 while i slept. so i yolod my life savings into watching them and others like them drown in their greed.
1.2 mil call option on amc
just a tiny retard holding! especially cus i bought gme at 380  i like the stocks
monday float pinch 
ok i'm in 1000 uwmc
my favorite and least favorite part of all this
sold my entire portfolio to help you retards out (it ain't much but it's honest work) also you bet im holding this shit out to the very end
late to the party but im in! to the moon
ok listen up retards! 
due diligence - my resons for going long in blackberry
diamond fucking hands are built under pressure 
im all for this sub- been here for a year but......
550  60,000 been stuck inside so long. should i just exercise?
the suits (sequoia which asked them to stop trading gme) are bailing out robinhood
were at the point right now where were finding out who are the weak  im seeing so many people jump ship because boohoo i lost money today. nut up and hold pansies! 
strapped in, helmet securely attached. bought the top @$176. gotta wipe off my drool now, thanks.
the loss before the storm, dont worry brothers
$f ford is a huge money making opportunity right now! easy 3x in a few months when mach-e starts hitting the streets
started with 12k in september. sold my gme in increments all the way up to 450 and made 200k. current position, crsr 1800 shares.
can you spot the two times i dumped 5k into options?
shots fired. challenge accepted. reddit rebellion is 'another epic parabolic bubble' that will burst, investor peter boockvar warns
joined the move, and set sell @ max
skt is about to reach its highest point since may 2019 and its the second most shorted stock after gme. you know what to do!
alright, i caved. just joined the uwmc gang.
why my $gme loss may be my greatest investment.
why sndl is a cancer stock with malignant management
$gme - zero shortable shares left and 24% interest to hold short stock on fidelity 
rkt taking off like diet coke & mentos
late as fuck to this party, never seen green, still retarded, still holding. stop being pussies and grow some gorilla balls!! +=
officially joined the world's most elite club.
i held. will hold tmrw++
sweet, just picked up some gme and amc during the dip!! to the mooooooooon!!
i just bought 10 shares of $gme! i'm with you brothers! 
suck my dick jim cramer, its not about winning its about making them lose.
rh shouldn't be the scapegoat, real change needs to happen.
made this a couple weeks ago. tribute to u/dfv. to the moon  *audio on*
a monologue on why amc will survive...
yolo'd my savings into riot 
the legend of the stock
ironic i bought at friday night movie prices when i always went to amc before noon to get the cheap ticket.
here's which tickers were mentioned the most in discussion yesterday
lets get momentum behind amc.
high iq tards, what are the possible scenarios in gme right now?
risk tolerance exercise for everyone in gme.
still green, but posting diamond hands because everyone's holding screenshots are giving me life 
loss porn: amc 1000 shares at 16.5  this isn't over.
buy the dip now
still holding baby 
potential returns from buying the dip
spent half my money. lost my job and my car. but you know what? i always believe. to the moon i go. 
ameritrade posted restrictions for 1/29
$slv is dumb
loss -$14k. another day of a failed soon-to-be-a-miillionaire.  hey, am i alone here? 
evade us if you can
really really really like this pre market action on gme. today is the day or reckoning. if you look at the current $gme chart vs the 08 $vw chart they are eerily similar. to the moon 
didn't sell a single share.
120k gains porn from $pltr calls [day 2]
hold gme! funds stuck in rh? check out $ino -- massive blackrock stake & short interest -- rh blocked with no news???
chamath blatantly whining about his "just a couple million-dollar sales" of spce
all this is, is a huge fucking clearance sale stay strong  we together to the moon.
don't be a paper hand, if i can hold you can hold
a lot of grave dancing on this sub recently. important to remember a few things though
is the congress hearing a joke?
gme apes -vs- robinhood
this sub is now packed with glowing alphabetics looking to mislead, derail and demonize you.
i think something more sinister is going on with slv
give em a cookie!
my $335 yolo paid off 
just opened my fidelity account yesterday, thanks for the discount hfs  still holding 57 shares in rh 
gsat dd (it's the spectrum, stupid)
it aint much but its honest work.
i'm holding at -eur53.000. so can you. hold until we reach alpha centauri, ladies and gentlemen
i might not but rich but.....
also rolled my ira into gme at 240.  lets go to saturn boys!
ascending wedge on gme??
just a reminder that blackberry still serves the foundation of all new fords sold, as per this article from a month ago. the lost the battle but won the war. qnx is the found in 175 million cars and climbing every month. bb bull 
pltr megathread for march 05, 2021
a practical guide to 
-300k cash. what do i do now?
bb chart analysis 
yall think youre so cool losing a couple gs. step those numbers up.
losing $100k+ but pltr will go higher!!
locked and ready to reload on gme tomorrow, shoutout osk
feb 9th gme short interest data
alright, you've convinced me i'm in. did i get a good price? to the moon 
oh gme... get in this bed!
dave portnoy tries to stay calm and hold, quickly goes paper hands days later
$bb to fucking pluto
warning: robinhood is about to go down under
i cant stop jerking off to it. i might not hold my cum, buy i keep holding my portfolio.
get in on amc if able
for the love of god hold your fucking shares people!!!! im a retarded crayon eating ape and this is not trading advice
can we for once, objectively talk about the pros and cons of this theory that the hedge funds are manipulating the price action? no mods, i dont have a meme for you, its called dd.
stfu about uranium
r/wallstreetbets circa 1956
buy the dips. hold to the moon! 
let's start actually reporting melvin capital to the sec for blatant securities fraud. there's so much proof that it isn't even funny anymore.
$37k on pltr. am i fuk?
gme update: 3 more gme for 143 shares total  
 short squeeze deez nuts 
we are winning next week gamma squeeze possible leading to moass event
to all my peak freak apes - there is one major reason to not let out of your sndl position just yet
this sub might be down, silence or banned, but the idea stays in all of us. don't lose it.
why do all the alleged og wsb members suddenly have advice for gme noobs, and why is it always to sell?
rkt dd & tendies: part 1. lots of squooze left
gme holding 
a local news paper this morning in amsterdam. everybody is talking about us
you retards still holding?
pltr it's  time 500k
this is insane!! state pension is shorting stocks like gme unknowingly all the time!!!!!
the revolution will not be televised
itt: we take guesses at the $sndl rugpull
[new york times] in gamestop saga, robinhood is cast as the villain. lawmakers at a congressional hearing kept coming back to the chief of the stock-trading app with pointed questions and a key argument: something very wrong happened here.
we are not fucking leaving you dumb 1% fucks
wanted to buy more $nok ,but as an europoor i have no more moneys left. still holding.
why i am gme
wsb is one hell of a drug
23k loss just today, 40k over the last 2 days, still holding 
ill take my popcorn w/ tendies flavored butter. +
got my order set and ready for the squeeze. only at 10k will i hear a bell
you hold. me hold. we hold. 
point72, steve cohen's hedge fund who just loaned money to melvin capital, has just begun raising money from new investors. interesting timing.... 
$amc yolo
i saw today's flash sale so of course i bought more. it's not that hard dealing with the losses, the only things hard right now are my 
shifting our attention from  no other targets here. lol
first gif i've ever made, second attempt. have fun out there today, you fucking degenerates. love, ybwtbt.
i just want to know how many retards really holding! just comment holding no need to tell how many. just wanna know how many apes are on the same rock!
going upppppp
since ya'll posting your amc yolos, here's mine
something similar happened in 1907 only triggered by a failed corner attempt instead of short.
elon musk pushes uncenosorable money (again)
u.s. treasury secretary yellen to call meeting of sec, fed, new york fed and cftc this week to discuss gamestop-related market volatility
gme holders: the only message you need to know
dear idiots still buying + holding $amc
melvin's endgame?
$gme has a major asset that's being overlooked...the geist of the squeeze
100% net worth in gme yolo update  mar 08 2021
 sold at $9,500. needed the rest of the down payment for my house in my acct. paid $96 for the call
25 more shares purchased at market open. i just like the stock (a lot). apes strong together  (yes f u robinhood)
common sense regulation by a retard because cnbc guests won't talk about it
life after gme - back to doing some dd!
gme chart analysis - indicators showing bullish potential
bought my first share of gme 
brokers are rejecting limit orders
robinhood $gme call options shenanigans - anyone else?
gme spike to $90 explained
gme, what will happen today? (from a newbie, for the newbies)
psa: for fidelity users
robinhood limits trading to one share on ipoe which is taking sofi(robinhood major competitor) public. robinhood is pathetic.
citadel executes order 66 but we're still mooingif youre in stay in, we like the stock
small potatoes compared to some, but still holding onto this ride.
hold the line!!!
i know yall are just refueling down there! hold strong. if i can hold through this you can too. hold the fucking line.  im with you guys.
amc read if you are confused!!;
$8m in short term trades totaled for 2020 and i just to lose 33k. is this real? jesus i really do belong here...
aus holding what i can 
$goev - the bull case of canoo inc. aka $goev aka tommorowcar aka d!klss tsla (the naked shorting catalyst edition)
i made a meme thing that describes this week
what would happen if everyone exercised their itm gme calls today? these same funds would be forced to buy to cover, thus providing huge buying pressure for gme, and putting more shares in our pockets! fuck them! i like this stock.
gme double bottom trend reversal signal
lets get back to the yolos
how it feels to be all-in on gme with you autists. (full audio version in comments) (he goes -99% in the end because he sold gme and went into slv)
volume has 50 million boost!!! hold my brothers and prepare for launch
gme hearing - dfv: i am not a cat
village farms (aka $vff aka $) dd; one of the best cannabis 2021 plays available.
pltr yolo update: another 50k in plus some margin 
bought at 3:30 today and not fucking paper handing this time. amc to $50
people we need to archive all the data , all the pictures of forced closes for a lawsuit!!! gme     
exercised my $30 call option on friday. bought for $110 in dec. thanks wsb!
were you blocked from trading amc, gme - they are filing class action - see how to at the link
loss porn. still holding
the actual cause of the second squeeze was hedgies prematurely shooting 1 million shorts over cohen's ice cream onlyfans pics!
notorious short seller, phrmabro, martin shrekli sees pt over 1k.
long time listener. first time caller. been following this sub off and on for a while and never participated. no more holding back. today is the day i earn my diamond hands. it aint much, but its honest money. dont sell $gme!!!!
you are being played: citadel and point72--major hedge funds and investors in melvin--own tons of amc, nok, and bb. the only squeeze that hurts them is gme 
misconceptions and bullshit
explanation for the issues today
#gme  today was tough, ill be back to battle tomorrow!!
shkreli on gme - 1/31
lost $50k in the past month, it will come back as long as i have diamond hands. gonna keep holding no matter what.
be prepared. dont know if this is legit or not but ive been trading with robinhood for two years and never seen this til i bought gme. im not on margin, itss not enabled. just to be sure i added 10 bucks to my account. but this is sus just like all other errors ive seen people post.
condescening language by boomer media continues "attention wall street bettors: the taxman is coming for your tendies."
evidence of market manipulation by hedge funds! be careful, theyre controlling the narrative allowing retail investors to moon a stock and then collecting all the way down.
these numbers are too "perfect" to be organic and not forced. 
after five years of creeping on here i would like to proudly say to you all that im not selling until 7ki like this stock #gme
cohen still has the opportunity to buy another 7%. seems like a great price to do so.
just noticed elon did this on his rockets, so i re arranged the gift card display at cumbys 
wallstreetbets redditors brilliantly demonstrate a way to demolish wall street fraudulent ponzi scheme
connecting gme citadel tsla
i'm so scared. very, very scared 
how we win the gme wars
welcome to the danger zone
motivation wednesday $gme [my diary notes] [remember the loyal soldiers who standed besides king leonides. this is us, the diamond hands, standing our ground next to the king dfv]
possible (real) reason brokers are restricting buys on gme.
shout out to everyone who bought right before close today.
if melvin & citron actually closed their short positions on $gme, who the hell is being bought against?
do not sell today, buy and hold until next week!
hmmmm. gme and amc tagged to robinhood's ipo. interesting. and also robinhood has the balls to ipo.
founder of twitter jack dorsey tweeted  
pro transfer tips on: gtfo of robinhood
jail. video link in comments.
being paperhanded cost be about 35k, and it could potentially cost you more
gme call holders: how to protect yourseld from an ah short attack from gay bears
where is bank?
bought another 400 shares today. y'all thought this would be easy?? only the strong survive. fuck the suits
detailed dd on the recent rapid $gme price swings, why it's happening and how hf's are making millions off it.
it was a rough fucking day but i'm still holding strong. -51% 
palantir signs deal with riotinto
amcs short volume ratio moved up from 14 to 21% yesterday and the short borrow fee ratio is at 11,7% ... sit tight apes we are getting there
hello darkness my old friend
we pulled gme to over $500 - they said it couldn't be done
the fundamental argument
madman theory and $gme: the biggest game of financial chicken in history
just put in another 30k in nok calls let's go! $gme $nok buy and hold  
media is wrong
help-out-a-billionaire thread
i like the stock 
hakuna matata airlines adding in amc this morning. east africa still watching. 
best word of advice my old man gave me
holding the line from singaporecountry with the highest iq? my smooth brain only understands 3 emojis 
melvin capital lost 53% in january, hurt by gamestop and other bets
fellow wsb autists listen up. get your paper trail in order now before it disappears like your ability to buy gme did this morning.
[loss porn] don't let fear turn against you. i poured every penny i have into this. this could be the difference between me and my child having an amazing future or an okay future. media manipulation was hard today, buy volume to price didn't match up. if i hold a bag at the end, at least i tried
averaging down in my amc position  now holding 35 amc shares, make the hedgies pay
still holding with  but had to post this. starting getting into stocks a year ago and saw steady gains over that year - only to have all those gains wiped out by $gme in 1 week. lol! still enjoying the ride, tho.
clov fundamentally sound outlook. why clover health is retarded.
tell me what you see
we need to stop letting them "control the narrative"
retards listen
interactive brokers founder peterffry shut down buying to prevent the entire system from collapsing
vff - the perfect storm in weedstocks
buy gme stocks instead of yolo on gme weekly calls
one gme share is better than none. the lilliputians can keep the giant down!
i have no choice...
my theory for why the s3 data is wrong.
i'm doing my very small part ! to the moon !
30,000 per gme share seems just right
only added to my positions today 
is papa chamath giving us the ultimate playbook?
nok dd for the few remaining retards who actually like making money
cant wait to use my  gains to refuel $gme 
this took me longer than i'd like to admit. enjoy boys.
bought at the tip then at the dip. rh lets you hold 100 shares of $gme now. cut my cost basis in half lets gooooo to the 
thank you gme for not announcing any stock sale - yet!
we need to keep this movement going, we all can make history!
quadrupled my holdings today thanks to this fire sale. all in now. to the moon 
just found out i'm pretty and retarded. this is not financial advice, i blow glass for a living and eat crayons.
did my research, avoided hype stocks, and put $30k into sava on a whim yesterday.
lost 30% of my portfolio, doesn't matter. diamond hands, gme to the moon!
donated to the cause after hours.
td ameritrade saying i have a margin call, but i've not bought anything on margin
this speech from margin call is as relevant as ever
palantir gotham launch. for everyone who still doesn't understand why this will moon. $pltr let's goooo.
sooo, my tsla $550 puts i bought with michael burry expired worthless. should of gotten a few more months of expiration:( 10k to 25k to 0....
friendly reminder: financial losses are not worth your life
bought one share of gme, it's not much but i'm with you tards
palantir raised to buy at goldman; pt $34 (from $13 neutral)
fry's electronics closing it's doors for good. could this be good news for gme?
gme short interest - wwmd?
large outflows detected at etf... guess one of the tickers
come monday i am selling my 446 amc otm contracts and using that value to purchase itm amc call options expiring march 12th and 19th
rh to allow "limited" buys on friday for gme and others... guess we have to "limited" buy everything and launch this 
i will keep holding please pick me up before you go go.
fellow retard from canada  and i cant figure out how to properly do a post. all i know is i support this cause, heavily. p.s. our cnd to us exchange is shit or i would have bought more!!!! #imnotfknselling
don't screw this up over a mod squabble
sure is a red one today, huh?
how can we counter the "ladder attack"?
hedge funds knowing they lost billions to reddit shitposters
still going buy the dip 
only had enough for 1 stock but i will hold till the moon
why $nok won't squeeze and why it may be manipulation
what happened? new dd on my favorite stonk 
what this sub was about
chimp brothers going (from doc antles ig)
$pltr 
late to the party and shares of $gme too high for me now. nevertheless, i am cheering you on you mad lads!
etoro platform is forcing stop loss on gme positions
i made a song for all you funky apes out there 
boys they have cut us brits off! we cant buy. holding strong through! thought you should know. this is freetrade app
gme loss porn. hit $1m before rh restricted buying. still holding.
its hard but im keeping my hands diamond for nok 
doing my part. have fun boys
gme share price moving forward after the shorts squozed
