You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.
To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
Happiness is only real when shared
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
I've been fighting to be who I am all my life. What's the point of being who I am, if I can't have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.
Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".
The heart is the toughest part of the body. Tenderness is in the hands.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.
The damage was permanent; there would always be scars. But even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been.
Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy-the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.
Top 15 Things Money Can't BuyTime. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.
Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.
The best things in life make you sweaty.
So it's true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.
Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
I may not always be with you But when we're far apartRemember you will be with meRight inside my heart
I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.
In this world, it is too common for people to search for someone to lose themselves in. But I am already lost. I will look for someone to find myself in.
The love that moves the sun and the other stars.
The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.
Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love-be there for others-bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. I've seen it. It's fascinating." He releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. "Sometimes I just...want to see it again. Want to see you awake.
Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.
Amor Fati - Love Your Fate, which is in fact your life.
Dare to love yourselfas if you were a rainbowwith gold at both ends.
It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,
I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.
The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came.
You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.
It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.
Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Love is too precious to be ashamed of.
Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles
Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.
Words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak.
You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love.
Falling in love is very real, but I used to shake my head when people talked about soul mates, poor deluded individuals grasping at some supernatural ideal not intended for mortals but sounded pretty in a poetry book. Then, we met, and everything changed, the cynic has become the converted, the sceptic, an ardent zealot.
It's strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what's real and what's imaginary.
Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?
Love.Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio.The real kind.The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres.The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish.The kind that can forgives. The kind that believes in healing. The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed.The real kind of love.It's rare and we have it..
People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!
Makakapili ka ng lugar na uupuan mo, pero hindi mo mapipili ang taong uupo sa puwang sa tabi mo... Ganyan ang senaryo sa bus. Ganyan din sa pag-ibig... Lalong 'di mo kontrolado kung kelan siya bababa.
I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.
Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that!
The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.
Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?
Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!
I believe in the immeasurable power of love that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.
You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.
Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.]
If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.
Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.
Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.
Frustration and Love can't exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.
Love those you hate you.
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
When forever becomes a place...when forever ceases to be just a word. when it ceases to be just a measurement of time.but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts... that is a reflection of true love.
All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.
Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.
I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?
Deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter.
Before I go," he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?"It was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words. The child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, "A life you love.
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.
The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.
...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing." ~ Sam (Hilary Duff), A Cinderella Story
It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.
When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".
Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.
To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult.
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.
How would your life be different if.You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day.You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.
Does he treat you with respect at all times? That's the first question. The second question is, if he is the exact same person twenty years from now that he is today, would you still want to marry him? And finally, does he inspire to be a better person? You find someone you can answer yes to all three, then you've found a good man.
Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!
Love doesn't have to be on Valentine's Day. It doesn't have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn't have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn't have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day.It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt.It just has to be.
Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!
Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.
For some people, the point of no return begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others' existence.
Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness...except possibly when it comes to you.
In definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari.
We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move.We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness insidethat holds whatever we want.We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner spacethat makes it livable.We work with being, but non-being is what we use.
... it's a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.
If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.
Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?
Your inner strength is your outer foundation
There are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express the depth of my love for you.
Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.
Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.
Were knowledge all, what were our needTo thrill and faint and sweetly bleed?
The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.
Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.
I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible
The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.
I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart.
It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.
she lived with hurricane eyes and fell in love with the way the waves collapsed against her cheeks.
You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...
It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
May you live every day of your life.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.
Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.
We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Believe in Your HeartBelieve in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
I've known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don't ask quarters.
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren't grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
How would your life be different if.You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day.You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.
Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don't forget to lift someone up.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don't give up.
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.
Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.
I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.
I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we're actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we're suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
One ChoiceOne Choice, decided your friends.One Choice, defines your beliefs.One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever.ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.
Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.
Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don't listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don't listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what's behind the words.
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.
Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you'll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.
To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.
The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!
I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.
Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.
If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.
Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.
My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.
Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.
Don't JustDon't just learn, experience.Don't just read, absorb.Don't just change, transform.Don't just relate, advocate.Don't just promise, prove.Don't just criticize, encourage.Don't just think, ponder.Don't just take, give.Don't just see, feel.Don't just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen.Don't just talk, act.Don't just tell, show.Don't just exist, live.
Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.
You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don't have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
Don't let others tell you what you can't do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
We're here, and then we're gone, and it's not about the time we're here, but what we do with the time.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Renew, release, let go. Yesterday's gone. There's nothing you can do to bring it back. You can't should've done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
How would your life be different if.You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day.You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.
Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It's okay to look back to see how far you've come but keep moving forward.
You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
If you don't give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.
Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.
A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.
Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.
Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.
It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.
The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we'd like to be. And that sucks. But when you're confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.
I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!
It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That's what makes you really feel alive. You have to say 'no' to other things you're used to, and do it with all your heart.
Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.
Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.
Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.
Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
You don't have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.
Until you step into the unknown, you don't know what you're made of.
Don't wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.
It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
How would your life be different if.You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day.You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
It doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.
Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.
What you stay focused on will grow.
If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.
When you hold a grudge, you want someone else's sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.
Art is the proper task of life. 
Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.
It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.
When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge - every adversity - contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.
Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.
Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.
Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure-learn the lessons and adapt from it.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.
I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.
You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.
Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.
Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.
Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.
Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.
You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.
When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.
Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.
Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.
The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can't see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don't even know.
To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.
You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.
Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.
May Light always surround you;Hope kindle and rebound you.May your Hurts turn to Healing;Your Heart embrace Feeling.May Wounds become Wisdom;Every Kindness a Prism.May Laughter infect you;Your Passion resurrect you.May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires.Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.
To care about your outward appearance is important, but what's more important is to have a beautiful soul.
You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.
Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.
Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.
Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.
I've come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.
Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.
You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!
Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.
Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.
You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
Change course, but don't give up.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for
In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!
Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.
Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."]
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
No matter how much experience you have, there's always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.
How would your life be different if.You stopped worrying about things you can't control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day.You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.
Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.
Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.
Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
I don't chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I'll hold the fucking door open for you.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you to make room for something new.
This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.
She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.
It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.
There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.
If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.
Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.
What if I mess up?""Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me.""What's that?""Stay alive long enough to mess up again.
Rise to the occassion which is life!
The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.
Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward - your breakthrough may be just around the corner.
The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.
Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.
You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.
No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?
My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.
If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.
You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.
Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.
You enter the forestat the darkest point,where there is no path.Where there is a way or path,it is someone else's path.You are not on your own path.If you follow someone else's way,you are not going to realizeyour potential.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?
To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.
If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go-whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.
Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.
This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.
You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you're faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you'll overcome it. Yes, you can.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.
Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...
Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.
All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.
Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.
If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.
Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.
To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.
That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.
Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
But what is life if you don't live it?
Life did not stop, and one had to live.
Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.
The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. 
Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.
You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
Bring something incomprehensible into the world!
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.
Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.
You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.
No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!
If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.
Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.
How would your life be different if.You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day.You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.
Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?
A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.
Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.
Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems. Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.
Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
If you care about someone enough, you'll always be there for them no matter what.
Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.
It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.
We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.
People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That's how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be correct or true? Merely vague concepts. Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?
Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.
Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.
When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.
Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.
Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
You have every right to a beautiful life.
I realize that life is risks. It's acknowledging the past but looking forward. It's taking a chance that we willmake mistakes but believing that we all deserve to be forgiven.
We don't truly appreciate what we have until it's gone. We don't really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.
Everything will be alright in the end so if it is not alright it is not the end.
Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.
He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.
Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.
Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.
The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.
Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.
The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.
Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.
If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. 
People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.
But what are loyalty and caring really worth?""To me? Everything.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.
It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.
There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.
Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
How would your life be different if.You didn't allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day.You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.
Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.
Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.
You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming
It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.
Remember that things are not always as they appear to be. Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.
The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.
Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.
Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.
Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.
We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.
We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.
I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!
It's never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.
Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.
Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.
Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.
Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.
When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it.
You can't control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can't do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else
Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.
Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.
Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.
Stop giving your life away to other people.
Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.
I think there is a song out there to describe just about any situation.
Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.
You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.
at your weakest, you end up showing more strength; at your lowest, you are suddenly lifted higher than you've ever been. They all border one another, these opposites and show how quickly we can be altered.
I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.
Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!
Every single desire can lead to dream and every single dream has possibility to become reality.
Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love - but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.
We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.
Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.
No matter how many people believe or don't believe in you, you must bethe ultimate believer in yourself!
Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.
The past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.
Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.
I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.
Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.
We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.
Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.
If we were to one day encounter a form of life more powerful and intelligent than our own, and it regarded us as we regard fish, what would be our argument against being eaten?
When you expect nothing from the world - not the light of the sun, the wet of water, nor the air to breathe - everything is a wonder and every moment a gift.
You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.
Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!
People are successful because they think and act like successful people.
Pack a pillow and blanket and see as much of the world as you can.You will not regret it.
Go boldly and honestly through the world. Learn to love the fact that there is nobody else quite like you.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.
Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' instead.
You must draw from that strength. You must increase it. And you must hold on to it because sometimes that small glimmer of inner strength is all that we have to help us press forward through the darkness.
To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,But life without meaning is the tortureOf restlessness and vague desire--It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.
Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!
And life is what we make it.Always has been, always will be.
Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.
Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.
Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.
No matter where life takes me, you'll find me with a smile. Presumed to be happy, always laughing like a child. I never thought life could be this sweet! It's got me cheesing from cheek to cheek!
Many people say I'm the best women's soccer player in the world. I don't think so. And because of that, someday I just might be.
The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.
Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.
The night is just a part of the day
Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.
Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.
Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day.and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift.... Because IT IS :)
Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.
The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.
Some of us go full circle. Some of us blindly go nowhere. The circle doesn't have to be very large to make a point, kick your ass and/or be entertaining. Remember that and stay light. Even the deaf know good music when they hear it.
Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
When you lost sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart (Allen Walker, D-gray Man)
Never compromise your values.
One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone's motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.
When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe. your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
When you're locked up in here for life, you learn to welcome the little freedoms.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Peace begins with a smile..
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")
And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what this storm's all about.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
You never fail until you stop trying.
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...
To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood. She only looked away for a moment, and the mask slipped, and you fell. All your tomorrows start here.
The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
In the endthese things matter most:How well did you love?How fully did you live?How deeply did you let go?
I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don't want it badly enough. They're there to stop the other people.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.
Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
Atticus, he was real nice.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. 
Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!
The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.
. . . when it comes down to it, that's what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can't show up anymore.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
I am a part of all that I have met.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms-to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.
If you want to be happy, be.
Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation.""I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.
I just want you to know that you're very special. and the only reason I'm telling you is that I don't know if anyone else ever has.
We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
All thinking men are atheists.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.
Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
there is a place in the heart thatwill never be filleda spaceand even during thebest momentsandthe greatest timestimeswe will know itwe will know itmore thaneverthere is a place in the heart thatwill never be filledandwe will waitandwaitin that space.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -I took the one less traveled by,And that has made all the difference.
No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.
The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention.
Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
You might as well answer the door, my child,the truth is furiously knocking.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.
Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.
Because paper has more patience than people. 
Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
To love and win is the best thing.To love and lose, the next best.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.You feel it, don't you?
Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars
All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon.... If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.
The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.
Life sucks, and then you die...
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. Never surrender.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.
Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned
Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
In the end you should always do the right thing even if it's hard.
Aim higher in case you fall short.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Dumbledore will only leave from Hogwarts when there are none loyal to him!
Make the most of yourself....for that is all there is of you.
We meet no ordinary people in our lives.
Be empty of worrying.Think of who created thought!Why do you stay in prisonWhen the door is so wide open?
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.
If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.
Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, but the faith and the love are all in the waiting. Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought: So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together.
There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance
There are two ways to reach me: by way of kisses or by way of the imagination. But there is a hierarchy: the kisses alone don't work.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Just be yourself, there is no one better.
We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.
It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.
Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos. to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.
I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.
My heart is warm with the friends I make,And better friends I'll not be knowing,Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take,No matter where it's going.
Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.
Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of day;Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who interests his heart in everything.
There is a way to be good again...
If your feet are firmly planted on the ground you'll never be able to dance.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.
Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.
What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
When each day is the same as the next, it's because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.
Getting something and having the wits to use it...those are two different things.
A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.
There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.
I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.
If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Without fear there cannot be courage.
Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.
Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can't escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other
Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.
What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.
With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.
Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.
The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.
Fake it 'till you make it.
Those who do not weep, do not see.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.
People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!
If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.
The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for them.
All The Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasLayin' In The Sun,Talkin' 'Bout The ThingsThey Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done...But All Those Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasAll Ran Away And HidFrom One Little Did.
It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.
If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.
Be melting snow.Wash yourself of yourself.
Life before Death.Strength before Weakness.Journey before Destination.
I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Shallow men believe in luck or in circumstance. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. 
If you dont have any shadows you're not in the light
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.
We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
I sustain myself with the love of family.
So many things are possible as long as you don't know they are impossible.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.
All I can be is me- whoever that is. 
Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah.it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.
I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself.
Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.
In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.
But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.
No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.
I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
You save yourself or you remain unsaved.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terrorwhich we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,because it serenely disdains to destroy us.Every angel is terrible.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.
Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk. It's up to you.
Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.
There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in. And definitely get out of high school and make everyone sorry.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
I am a happy camper so I guess I'm doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.
As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.
Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.
I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.
You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
younot wanting mewasthe beginning of mewanting myselfthank you
You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.
A Woman in harmony with her spirit is like a river flowing.She goes where she will without pretense and arrives at her destination prepared to be herself and only herself 
He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.
I'm bored' is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you've seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you're alive is amazing, so you don't get to say 'I'm bored.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.
We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.
I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.
There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.
People say that what we're all seeking is a meaning for life. I don't think that's what we're really seeking. I think that what we're seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
I just hope I remember to tell my kids that they are as happy as I look in my old photographs. And I hope that they believe me.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.
Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.
No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!
Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.
Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...
See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it
The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You.Therefore, If You Would Understand Him, Listen Not To What He Says, But Rather To What He Does Not Say.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.
If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.
The tears of the world are a constant quantity. For each one who begins to weep somewhere else another stops. The same is true of the laugh.
The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.
Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.
the time is always right to do the right thing
Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
You become what you think about all day long.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
It [feminism] is mixed up with a muddled idea that women are free when they serve their employers but slaves when they help their husbands.
We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.
We are the music-makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams.World-losers and world-forsakers,Upon whom the pale moon gleams;Yet we are the movers and shakers,Of the world forever, it seems.
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
A creative life cannot be sustained by approval any more than it can be destroyed by criticism.
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there...and still on your feet.
So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.
Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.
Anything that's human is mentionable, and anything that is mentionable can be more manageable. When we can talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust with that important talk can help us know that we are not alone.
I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings.
I disregard the proportions, the measures, the tempo of the ordinary world. I refuse to live in the ordinary world as ordinary women. To enter ordinary relationships. I want ecstasy. I am a neurotic - in the sense that I live in my world. I will not adjust myself to the world. I am adjusted to myself.
Maktub" (It is written.)
Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.
All great achievements require time.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
Well done is better than well said.
Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.
Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.
It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun
Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.
I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.
If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.
All I ask is one thing, and I'm asking this particularly of young people: please don't be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it's my least favorite quality and it doesn't lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Know thyself.
Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.
Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Nothing will work unless you do.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!
We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.
...Next time you're faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.
Be yourself; no base imitator of another, but your best self. There is something which you can do better than another. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that. Do the things at which you are great, not what you were never made for.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.
The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.
In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.
I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.
Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.
She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.
Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.
It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.
Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
Feet, what do I need them forIf I have wings to fly.
I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.Whoever brought me here will have to take me home.
Scars are just another kind of memory.
Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, and then I showed myself how to get found.
...there ain't no journey what don't change you some.
Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.
Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.
We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.
I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.
Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.
If you have to dry the dishes (Such an awful boring chore)If you have to dry the dishes('Stead of going to the store)If you have to dry the dishesAnd you drop one on the floorMaybe they won't let youDry the dishes anymore
My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.
And if my heart be scarred and burned,The safer, I, for all I learned.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.
If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.
Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?
The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
Remake the world, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world.
We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. 
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.
Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.
Fair means everyone gets what they need. And the only way to get what you need is to make it happen yourself.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Nothing ever really goes away--it just changes into something else. Something beautiful.
You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.
Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.
Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.
Gossip is just a tool to distract people who have nothing better to do from feeling jealous of those few of us still remaining with noble hearts.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth. 
I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.
Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity growswith the ability to say no to oneself.
Don't give up the fight,Stand up for your rights.
I've had many enemies over the years. If there's one thing I've learned, it's never engage in a fight you're sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you're in a position of strength-even if you no longer need to strike back.
Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again.
Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.
A villain is just a victim whose story hasn't been told.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude.
And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
If you can't you must, and if you must you can.
Awake, arise or be for ever fall'n.
I am who I am; no more, no less.
Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.
Only the gentle are ever really strong.
Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
Anything is possible. Anything can be.
You can't go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Be silent and safe - silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place
No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
You can't outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little sidebets about the outcome of life. either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don't play at all. and if u don't play u can't win.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Written words can also sing.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time.
no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken!
it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.
One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life.
You know what I can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, I mean endlessly, I've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?
a wind has blown the rain away & the sky away & all the leaves away, & the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.
The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.
Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.
We dance round in a ring and suppose,But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.
Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves. Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you.
Done is better than perfect.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.
She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.
When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.
Grace is the face that love wears when it meets imperfection.
We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world
It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.
Step follows step,Hope follows Courage,Set your face towards danger,Set your heart on victory.
If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that-warm things, kind things, sweet things-help and comfort and laughter-and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
She had become accustomed to being lonely. She was used to walking alone and to being considered 'different.' She did not suffer too much.
There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
The key to your happiness is to own your slippers, own who you are, own how you look, own your family, own the talents you have, and own the ones you don't. If you keep saying your slippers aren't yours, then you'll die searching, you'll die bitter, always feeling you were promised more. Not only our actions, but also our omissions, become our destiny.
Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain
When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.
Laughter is carbonated holiness.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
It is worse to stay where one does not belong at all than to wander about lost for a while and looking for the psychic and soulful kinship one requires
Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Dream, Dream DreamDreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.
What we do see depends mainly on what we look for. ... In the same field the farmer will notice the crop, the geologists the fossils, botanists the flowers, artists the colouring, sportmen the cover for the game. Though we may all look at the same things, it does not all follow that we should see them.
Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.
First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.
Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.
You should never assume. You know what happens when you assume. You make an ass out of you and me because that's how it's spelled.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.
May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.
Give up to grace. The ocean takes care of each wave 'til it gets to shore. You need more help than you know.
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.
If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.
The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.
You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.
It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.
To be in your children's memories tomorrow,You have to be in their lives today.
If I must fall, may it be from a high place.
My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.
Life is wasted on the living.
You have to love dancing to stick to it. It gives you nothing back, no manuscripts to store away, no paintings to show on walls and maybe hang in museums, no poems to be printed and sold, nothing but that single fleeting moment when you feel alive.
It takes a huge effort to free yourself from memory
It doesn't matter what you do...so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away.
What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step.
...even a tiny bit of deceit is dishonorable when it's used for selfish or cowardly reasons.- Mr. Penderwick
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,Or what's a heaven for?
We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.
Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.
The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average-- though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.
I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.Read it over.Again.Let those words resonate in your mind.
I hate you."I love you."You're a freak, you know that? Everyone says so. They always have."I'm trying not to be.
Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.
Every time you do a good deed you shine the light a little farther into the dark. And the thing is, when you're gone that light is going to keep shining on, pushing the shadows back.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. 
The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.
Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.
My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.
I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!
Passion is a feeling that tells you: this is the right thing to do. Nothing can stand in my way. It doesn't matter what anyone else says. This feeling is so good that it cannot be ignored. I'm going to follow my bliss and act upon this glorious sensation of joy.
Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.
We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard. There are not more than five primary colours, yet in combinationthey produce more hues than can ever been seen.There are not more than five cardinal tastes, yet combinations ofthem yield more flavours than can ever be tasted.
Sometimes I think my head is so big because it is so full of dreams
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?
Scars are not injuries, Tanner Sack. A scar is a healing. After injury, a scar is what makes you whole.
The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.
The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!
If you live in a past dream, you don't enjoy what is happening right now because you will always wish it to be different than it is. There is no time to miss anyone or anything because you are alive. Not enjoying what is happening right now is living in the past and being only half alive. This leads to self pity, suffering and tears.
What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.
Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.
Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.
Collective madness is called sanity ..
If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.
The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.
Do not dare not to dare.
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.
The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.
Normalness leads to sadness.
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today
In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas."Even in your world, my son, that is not what a star is, but only what it is made of.
You can't find someone who doesn't want to be found.
There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.
life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.
A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. Your really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.
She made broken look beautifuland strong look invincible.She walked with the Universeon her shoulders and made itlook like a pair of wings.
I am the captain of my soul.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?
No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.
Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift. 
A path is only a path, and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . . . Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary. Then ask yourself alone, one question . . . Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't it is of no use.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Am I weird?""Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
A thousand words leave not the same deep impression as does a single deed.
I'm starting with the man in the mirror,I'm asking him to change his ways;And no message could have been any clearer,If you wanna make the world a better place,Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!
I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.
You've got to show the world who you are before it tells you. Otherwise you become victim to someone you're not.
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.
Words save our lives, sometimes.
I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth botherin' with.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness; but still will keep A bower quiet for us, and a sleep Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.
Myth is much more important and true than history. History is just journalism and you know how reliable that is.
Champions have the courage to keep turning the pages because they know a better chapter lies ahead.
Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight,At the sound of his roar, sorrows will be no more,When he bares his teeth, winter meets its death,And when he shakes his mane, we shall have spring again.
Finding one important thing in your life doesn't mean you have togive up all the other important things.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.
It doesn't matter what we are. It matters what we do.
Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.
Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.
I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.
When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage
It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
To those who will see, the world waits.
In the end, just three things matter:How well we have livedHow well we have lovedHow well we have learned to let go
Everything stinks till it's finished.
I keep thinking about a tale my nurse used to read to me about a bird whose wings are pinned to the ground. In the end, when he finally frees himself, he flies so high he becomes a star. My nurse said the story was about how we all have something that keeps us down.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.
Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.
When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.
You could do a lot worse.
Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death. But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs. If there was no suffering, man would not know his limits, would not know himself. 
Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed.
Always be yourself, there's no one better!
Nothing's a better cure for writer's block than to eat ice cream right out of the carton.
Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.
What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?
Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway. If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
It's a lie to think you're not good enough. It's a lie to think you're not worth anything.
My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.
One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.
Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.
Someday is now.
Til shade is gone, til water is goneInto the shadow with teeth baredScreaming defiance with the last breathTo spit in Sightblinder's eye on the Last Day.
An idea is salvation by imagination
You have to be the bravest person in the world to go out every day, being yourself when no one likes who you are.
The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.
The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. It is determined for the insect, as well as for the star. Human beings, vegetables, or cosmic dust, we all dance to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance by an invisible piper.
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.
If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
It's your life-but only if you make it so.
Freedom is a heavy load, a great and strange burden for the spirit to undertake. It is not easy. It is not a gift given, but a choice made, and the choice may be a hard one. The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it.
You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.
Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.
Of all the wonders that I have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear;Seeing death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.(Act II, Scene 2)
What hurts us is what heals us
The sky is the limit... for some people aim higher nothing is impossible.
In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go.
Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.
The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.
Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.
How satisfying it is to leave a mark on a blank surface. To make a map of my movement - no matter how temporary.
It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.
Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.
Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.
Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
Always tell what you feel. Do what you think...
As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.
What we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are - and who we will become.
All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
[BURR]I am the one thing in life I can control.
You can't always judge people by the things they done. You got to judge them by what they are doing now.
Its more fun to think of the future than dwell on the past.
There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.
No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.
We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.
Too much sanity may be madness - and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.
The function of freedom is to free someone else.
People would rather believe than know.
Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.
But we never get back our youth. The pulse of joy that beats in us at twenty becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid. 
To touch the soul of another human being is to walk on holy ground.
Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly: I am a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.
I want to be like Gandhi and Martin Luther King and John Lennon but i want to STAY ALIVE.
Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.
After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.
Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.
Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you're willing to be.
No one is ever satisfied where he is.
Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.
Nobody steals books but your friends.
The most exquisite paradox. as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.
Complain and remain. Praise and be raised.
With our thoughts we make the world.
Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!
You can only be afraid of what you think you know.
Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.
You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.
Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.
Make today worth remembering.
Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself... You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
If you are a dreamer come in
I wonder, he said, whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
I am so, so alive.
He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.
Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.
My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.
It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.
you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.
A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones
The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.
The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.
The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for it. Columbus and America. Pinzon, who stumbled on Brazil while looking for the West Indies. Stanley happening on Victoria Falls. And you. Amy Curry, when I was least expecting her.-Roger Sullivan
Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.
Skies are crying,I am watching,Catching teardrops in my hands.Only silence, as it's ending,Like we never had a chance.Do you have to make me feelLike there's nothing left of me?
Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Achievement has no color
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.
I've gotta get out of the basement. I've gotta see the world. I've gotta make a difference
Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.
To write is human, to edit is divine.
Maybe some things aren't meant to be known. maybe there just meant to be accepted.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
I'm the living embodiment of 'it could be worse'.
Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?
The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you.
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!
If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.
I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied
Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.
All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' - which is just another way of saying that you can't.
Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.
Great victory requires great risk.-Hera
Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!
When people see some things as beautiful,other things become ugly.When people see some things as good,other things become bad.
Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone.Who had nothing, who wanted everything.
Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.
being afraid to take chances is scarier than actually doing things that challenge you.
To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America... with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.
If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.
It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,You have to go places quite out of the way,You have to go places no others can get to.You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.
Give your weakness to one who helps.
Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!
When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.
I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: 'Have you HEARD THIS?
And people who don't dream, who don't have any kind of imaginative life, they must. they must go nuts. I can't imagine that.
The splendid thingabout falling apartsilently...is thatyou can start overas many timesas you like.
Is it easy? Usually not. But you don't forgive people for their benefit. You do it for your benefit.
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.
Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)
And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.
I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.
Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...
Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco. 
You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.
If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?
When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.
Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.
You have to teach your heart and mind how to sing together... then you'll hear the sound of your soul
You don't know, oh, ohYou don't know you're beautiful.
if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.
When we are most alone is when we embrace another's loneliness.
Each of us is full of shit in our own special way. We are all shitty little snowflakes dancing in the universe.
Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.
It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.
Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
It's against the rules of humanity to believe there is nothing we can do.
I want a tattoo over my heart that reads TRY HARDER YOU LAZY PARAMEDIC SHITBAG OR I WILL HAUNT YOUR BEDROOM FOREVER
Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.
that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.
Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.
People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there
Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.
Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.
The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.
Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.
When you are used to the kind of life -of never getting anything you want- you stop knowing what it is you want.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends
In the external scheme of things, shining moments are as brief as the twinkling of an eye, yet such twinklings are what eternity is made of -- moments when we human beings can say "I love you," "I'm proud of you," "I forgive you," "I'm grateful for you." That's what eternity is made of: invisible imperishable good stuff.
The treacherous are ever distrustful.
Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
Until justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.
A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could
she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.
But why think about that when all the golden lands ahead of you and all kinds of unforseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make you glad you're alive to see?
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up
Tearing down the rest of the world won't make you happy. Look inside yourself. Because finding who you were meant to be? What you were put into this world to do? That's what fills the emptiness. It's the only things that can.
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.
Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.
Gratitude is a sign of maturity...Where there is appreciation: there is also courtesy and concern for the rights and property of others.
If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.
No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.
Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)
Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
I close my eyes  and I can see a better day.  I close my eyes  and pray
Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.
I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
be it peace or happinesslet it enfold you
Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it's the chaos which helps us find where we belong.
I only hope that we never lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.
As the smoke clears,I awaken,And untangle you from me.Would it make you feel betterTo watch me, while I bleed?All my windows still are broken,But I'm standing on my feet.
Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.
You think of yourselfas a citizen of the universe.You think you belong to this world of dust and matter.Out of this dustyou have created a personal image,and have forgottenabout the essence of your true origin
Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.
We are what we believe we are!
A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.
Freedom is...the right to write the wrong words.
You lose nothing when fighting for a cause ... In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about.
Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy
You're only poor if you give up. The most important thing is that you did something. Most people only talk and dream of getting rich. You've done something.
We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.
Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. (quoting Dr. Struan Sutherland)
Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude
Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.
know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.
Perfect is the enemy of good.
It's not over if you're still here, Chronicler said. It's not a tragedy if you're still alive.
Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.
Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.
Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.
You are a cosmic flower. Om chanting is the process of opening the psychic petals of that flower.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons,they are vexations to the spirit.
Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.
Go out in the woods, go out. If you don't go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.
Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
Only when I fall do I get up again.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also
If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.
When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true
They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?
Don't ever give up. Don't ever give in. Don't ever stop trying. Don't ever sell out. And if you find yourself succumbing to one of the above for a brief moment, pick yourself up, brush yourself off, whisper a prayer, and start where you left off.But never, ever, ever give up.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.
Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Is there any real purpose in being alive if all we are going to do is get up every day and live only for ourselves?Live your life to help others. Give & live selflessly.
Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world.
If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all...
Death twitches my ear;'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming.
There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.
Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
My experiences have taught me that things rarely improve with a simple change of scenery.
You are beautiful. Know this. Anyone who tells you otherwise is simply lying. You are beautiful.
We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.
Congratulations!Today is your day.You're off to Great Places!You're off and away!
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.
I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.
The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.
Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.
Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.
What the society thinks is of no interest to me. All that's important is how I see myself. I know who who I am. I know the value of my work.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
90% of the game is half mental.
Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.
They alone live, who live for others.
I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.
The purpose of life is not to be happy-but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.
Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.
Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind.
My dear Watson," said [Sherlock Holmes], "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.
you don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.
Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.
Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.
It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.
There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.
Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?
Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.
The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.
It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.
You don't always have to kiss a lot of frogs to recognize a prince when you find one -Henrietta Barett
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself
If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.
Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.
Those who travel to mountain-tops are half in love with themselves, and half in love with oblivion.
A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.
And I think that's what our world is desperately in need of - lovers, people who are building deep, genuine relationships with fellow strugglers along the way, and who actually know the faces of the people behind the issues they are concerned about.
We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences
Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourslef or to gossip about others. Use your power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
We humans do not understand compassion. In each moment of our lives, we betray it. Aye, we know of its worth, yet in knowing we then attach to it a value, we guard the giving of it, believing it must be earned, T'lan Imass. Compassion is priceless in the truest sense of the wold. It must be given freely. In abundance.
For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best.
Don't turn over the rocks if you don't want to see the pale creatures who live under them.
It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Were I a Roman Catholic, perhaps I should on this occasion vow to build a chapel to some saint, but as I am not, if I were to vow at all, it should be to build a light-house.[Letter to his wife, 17 July 1757, after narrowly avoiding a shipwreck; often misquoted as "Lighthouses are more helpful than churches."]
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.
Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.
By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
You are old beyond your years Zoeybird. Believe in yourself and you will find a way. But remember darkness does not always equate to evil just like light does not always bring good.
You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
Aslan: You doubt your value. Don't run from who you are.
Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.
Let's start a new tomorrow, today.
If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian...I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.
What I've realized is that life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to do your small part to leave our children - all of our children - a better world. Any fool can have a child. That doesn't make you a father. It's the courage to raise a child that makes you a father.
Feel your emotions,Live true your passions,Keep still your mind.
Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?""In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.
If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.
the purpose of life is the life of purpose
The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct
Though we tremble before uncertain futuresmay we meet illness, death and adversity with strengthmay we dance in the face of our fears.
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.
Your opinion is not my reality.
After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.
impossible is not a word
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
The purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink.
To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.
Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.
I don't want anyone to hold back who they are. It's not okay. it's not a good thing
Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.
Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
When I try, I fail. When I trust, He succeeds.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Mother is a verb. It's something you do. Not just who you are.
Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
She was broken, I think it's because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.
We cannot have a world where everyone is a victim. "I'm this way because my father made me this way. I'm this way because my husband made me this way." Yes, we are indeed formed by traumas that happen to us. But then you must take charge, you must take over, you are responsible.
So long as you fight the darkness, you stand in the light.
The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.
We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.
There isa time to liveand a time to diebut never to reject the moment.
For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.
Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.
I'd rather welcome change than cling to the past.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. 
If you don't have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?
It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.
What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.
The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes-very rarely-impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.
A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.
When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.
We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.
Brimstone once told me that to stay true in the face of evil is a feat of strength.
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
Be like the flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.
People are always telling me that i'm not like other girls...that i dont dress like other girls...that i dont act like other girls. But i'm my OWN person...i go to the beat of my own drum.
In the end, everything is a gag.
So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?
Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.
To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.
It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.
All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.
I don't think you should wait. I think you should speak now.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.
What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.
How does one become a butterfly? They have to want to learn to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
Never let anybody guess that you have a mind of your own. Above all be pure
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
I do like the world quite a lot.
Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!
Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times -- always with the same person.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
But there's always a first time for everything
A graceful refusal is better than a lengthy promise.
This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.
I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.
In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.
It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.
You have forgotten the Onewho doesn't care about ownership,who doesn't try to turn a profitfrom every human exchange.
The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.
Hard times build determination and inner strength. Through them we can also come to appreciate the uselessness of anger. Instead of getting angry nurture a deep caring and respect for troublemakers because by creating such trying circumstances they provide us with invaluable opportunities to practice tolerance and patience.
Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.
Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.
I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
The cause of most of man's unhappiness is sacrificing what he wants most for what he wants now.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.
Truth builds trust.
Here lies one whose name was writ on water.
We are constantly invited to be what we are.
Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.
May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch
I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.
Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live.
A truth that no one knows is still the truth.
If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.
We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.
Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.Love is Life, Hatred is Death.
Tell all the Truth but tell it slant--Success in Circuit liesToo bright for our infirm DelightThe Truth's superb surpriseAs Lightning to the Children easedWith explanation kindThe Truth must dazzle graduallyOr every man be blind--
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free.
Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.
It used to be about trying to do something. Now it's about trying to be someone.
Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.
You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.
Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.
In this country we have no place for hyphenated Americans.
You will write if you will write without thinking of the result in terms of a result, but think of the writing in terms of discovery, which is to say that creation must take place between the pen and the paper, not before in a thought or afterwards in a recasting... It will come if it is there and if you will let it come.
I shut my eyes in order to see.
Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.
We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form.
Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.
I wish I could make him understand that a loving good heart is riches enough, and that without it intellect is poverty.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.
It's funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.
If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.
Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.
Don't allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn't suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.
In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.
Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a
The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.
Let us pick up our books and our pens, I said. They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.
Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?
You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
Life consists of what man is thinking about all day.
the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.
You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore
there is no moment more precious than the exact moment you are living now
I was good and bad, but never wicked.
Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?
The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.
I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.
Our men think earning money and ordering around others is where power lies. They don't think power is in the hands of the woman who takes care of everyone all day long, and gives birth to their children.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.
Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.
It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.
If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.
A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.
A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear. it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish
Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.
You are a human with one life and its up to you to make it the best life you can.
If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.
I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.
People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.
Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace.
Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.
when you're cool for twenty,you get paid for twenty-one.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.... Don't settle
If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.
If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.
A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings.
Love me or hate me I promise that it will never make or break me...<3
Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Never give up. It's like breathing-once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.
When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.
You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.
Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.
There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz
The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.
Fairness does not mean everyone gets the same. Fairness means everyone gets what they need.
Never follow the crowd.
Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.
Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.
I feel infinite.
Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.
We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forget.
Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar. (Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) 
Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.
Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention.. A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words. 
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!
That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.
The motive behind criticism often determines its validity. Those who care criticize where necessary. Those who envy criticize the moment they think that they have found a weak spot.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
You can't go home again
To read is to empower,To empower is to write,To write is to influence,To influence is to change,To change is to live".
Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it.
What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.
You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.
How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.
It is when things are at worst you will get the best.
Adversity introduces a man to himself.
If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.
The reward of a thing well done is having done it.
You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become. 
Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other... I know I've spent each life before this one searching for you. Not someone like you but you, for your soul and mine must always come together.
Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.
If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?
Sad stories make good books
What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.
For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.
I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.
The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..
That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
What fire does not destroy, it hardens
Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
Sameron adion asoI shall sing a sweeter song tomorrow
Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.
Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.
I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.
Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.
Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...
I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven
I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.
Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector...and miss.
To save all we must risk all.
There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.
There are only two forces at work in this world- black and white. Only people are grey.
I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.
Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.
True beauty lies in purity of the heart.
In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.
Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.
You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it
There is nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it.
Enjoy the limitless bliss consciousness here and now. The reality of you lies much beyond your sensory perceptions and boundaries.
Prayer is the sign of your weakness. Rely on your inner strength. You will be the winner.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.
The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?
Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop
What I stand for is what I stand on.
It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.
Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great, you can be that generation
Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.
Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.
And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records
Grace isn't a little prayer you chant before receiving a meal. It's a way to live.
So that's my wish for you, and all of us, and my wish for myself. Make New Mistakes. Make glorious, amazing mistakes. Make mistakes nobody's ever made before. Don't freeze, don't stop, don't worry that it isn't good enough, or it isn't perfect, whatever it is: art, or love, or work or family or life.
I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,
Searching outside of you is Samsara (the world). Searching within you leads to Nirvana.
Do not waste time bothering whether you 'love' your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.
Don't forget your history nor your destiny
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that's when he won't want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.
There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves
This is who the fuck I am.
You're not aloneTogether we standI'll be by your side, you know I'll take your handWhen it gets coldAnd it feels like the endThere's no place to goYou know I won't give in
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.
Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.
Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!
Either you run the day or the day runs you..
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." 
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.
...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.
If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!
Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.
In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.
When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
The future doesn't belong to the light-hearted. It belongs to the brave.
Total paranoia is just total awareness.
Sometimes you just have to jump out the window and grow wings on the way down.
Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE AND THE CAPTAIN OF MY DESTINY.
Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.
Stories are like genies...They can carry us into and though our sorrows. Sometimes they burn, sometimes they dance, sometimes they weep, sometimes they sing. Like genies, everyone has one. Like genies, sometimes we forget that we do.Our stories can set us free...When we set them free.
Books didn't make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Light is more important than the lantern,The poem more important than the notebook
Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.
For all those that have to fight for the respect that everyone else is given without question.
It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.
It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.
A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.
Patience ensures victory.
Now don't you understand man universal lawWhat you throw out comes back to you, starNever underestimate those who you scarCause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard
a dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. a man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.
... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.
If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.
To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities... hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk... reach for it.
My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.
Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead
I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. 
Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Tragedy and adversary are the stones we sharpen our swords against so we can fight new battles.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
I used to have a sign pinned up on my wall that read: Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us...It was all about letting go of everything.
We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment. 
No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.
Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.
I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead. 
When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.
Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?
Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.
The More we value things, the less we value ourselves
Buy a pup and your money will buyLove unflinching that cannot lie.
The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.
just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.
I change the world, the world changes me.
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.
She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.
A woman can't do anything about her appearance. Either she's pretty or she isn't. But her character is quite another matter.
Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.
My sun sets to rise again.
Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.
Pressure makes diamonds
We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.
I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
The greatest thing about dreams is they don't expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Only one life, 'twill soon be past,Only what's done for Christ will last.
Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.
Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.
Don't count your owls before they are delivered.
A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.
Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative.""Which is?""Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?
If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
Inspiration comes of working every day.
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy
The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.
A daydreamer is prepared for most things.
[T]he race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.
We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.
Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.
Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,
It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.
There is no illusion greater than fear.
Hope springs forever.
I have a dream. Is your dream very big? No. Well is it very grand? Not either. Neither? Neither. What is it then? It is very shiny.
I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!
For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I've met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.
The first thing you have to know about writing is that it is something you must do everyday. There are two reasons for this rule: Getting the work done and connecting with your unconscious mind.
And...I think that's what life is all about, actually,about children and flowers.
One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.
As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn't feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.
We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.
Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.
It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.
You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.
The ground's generosity takes in our compost and grows beauty! Try to be more like the ground.
Whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.
When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray
Criticism - however valid or intellectually engaging - tends to get in the way of a writer who has anything personal to say. A tightrope walker may require practice, but if he starts a theory of equilibrium he will lose grace (and probably fall off).
Do you not then hear this horrible scream all around you that people usually call silence.
Every beginning has an end and every end is a new beginning.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living.
I am larger, better than I thought; I did not know I held so much goodness.All seems beautiful to me.Whoever denies me, it shall not trouble me;	Whoever accepts me, he or she shall be blessed, and shall bless me.
I wanted to become the seeker, the aroused and passionate explorer, and it was better to go at it knowing nothing at all, always choosing the unmarked bottle, always choosing your own unproven method, armed with nothing but faith and a belief in astonishment.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear
You're not a human being until you value something more than the life of your body. And the greater the thing you live and die for the greater you are.
Only children believe they're capable of everything.
Music, my rampart and my only one.
We're constantly being told what other people think we are, and that's why it is so important to know yourself.
When we make our own misery we sometimes cling to it even when we want so bad to change, because misery is something we know. The misery is comfortable.
Is life too short to be taking this shit, or is life too short to be minding it?
Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?
kenangan itu cuma hantu di sudut pikir. selama kita diam dan ngga berbuat apa-apa, selamanya dia tetap jadi hantu, ngga akan pernah jadi kenyataan.
Life is one fool thing after another whereas love is two fool things after each other.
feminism is for everybody
I no longer agree to treat myself with disrespect. Every time a self-critical thought comes to mind, I will forgive the Judge and follow this comment with words of praise, self-acceptance, and love.
You look at yourself and you accept yourself for who you are, and once you accept yourself for who you are you become a better person.
No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That's the only way to keep the roads clear.
The world is your exercise book, the pages on which you do your sums. It is not reality, though you may express reality there if you wish. You are also free to write lies, or nonsense, or to tear the pages.
Exuberance is beauty.
Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it. If it fights back; fine. I'd rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained. I'd rather have a no, then nothing. I'd forgotten that about myself.
Every search begins with beginner's luck. And every search ends with the victor's being severely tested.
In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.
When the wind blows,the grass bends.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Time to toss the dice
Because sometimes there are problems bigger than this week's end of the world and sometimes you just have to find the extraordinary in your ordinary life.
Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness. To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable.
I will take the Ring", he said, "though I do not know the way.
Freedom is not having everything we crave, it's being able to go without the things we crave and being OK with it. 
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
But as the years went on, I realised that what I really want to be, all told, is a human. Just a productive, honest, courteously treated human.
On Wednesday, when the sky is blue,and I have nothing else to do,I sometimes wonder if it's true That who is what and what is who." - Winnie-the-Pooh
Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power.
Fear is how you lose your life...a little bit at a time...What we give to fear, we take away from...faith.
The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts.
I would rather have 30 minutes of "wonderful" than a lifetime of nothing special.
Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.
Live your life, no matter what that life is.
you cannot find happiness, outside the plan of happiness!
Survivors can't always choose their methods.
Until we see each other again, keep your head together, read some good books, be useful, be happy.
A sail boat that sails backwards can never see the sun rise.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Watch your step.
What's unnatural is homophobia. Homo sapiens is the only species in all of nature that responds with hate to homosexuality.
If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big 'however'- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice.and never understood the difference between the two.
We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.
If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.
Man is, that he may have Joy.
The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.
Time cannot be packaged and ribboned and left under trees for christmas morning.Time can't be given.But it can be shared
Too many locks, not enough keys.
With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.
I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
Tough times never last. Tough people do
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
Happiness is not having what you want, it is wanting what you have.
I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect it.
I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.
Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.
Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion. what a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.
Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached.
But as I have noticed on more than one occaision, life itself is unfair, and there is no complaint department, so we might as well accept things the way they happen, clean up the mess, and move on.
It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.
Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.
Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas.
The creatures that inhabit this earth--be they human beings or animals--are here to contribute, each in its own particular way, to the beauty and prosperity of the world.
Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.
When you become the image of your own imagination, it's the most powerful thing you could ever do.
Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!
Abandon the urge to simplify everything, to look for formulas and easy answers, and to begin to think multidimensionally, to glory in the mystery and paradoxes of life, not to be dismayed by the multitude of causes and consequences that are inherent in each experience -- to appreciate the fact that life is complex.
Better to illuminate than merely to shine to deliver to others contemplated truths than merely to contemplate.
Blessed are the weird people: poets, misfits, writersmystics, painters, troubadoursfor they teach us to see the world through different eyes.
And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.
There will always be people who say it does not exist because they cannot have it. But I tell you it is true and that you have it and that you are lucky even if you die tomorrow.
Better not to give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
I've never quite believed that one chance is all I get
Change isn't easy. Changing the way you live means changing the way you think, means changing what you believe about life. That's hard.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act but also dream, not only plan, but also believe!
We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.
Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.
The difference between false memories and true ones is thesame as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look themost real, the most brilliant.
Christ is not valued at all, unless he is valued above all.
To get what you want, you have to know exactly how much you are willing to give up.
Real love never fails.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
I have never felt that anything really mattered but knowing that you stood for the things in which you believed and had done the very best you could.
A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond. If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before. If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before.
It is foolish to tear one's hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.
When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him.
No other success can compensate for failure in the home.
take what you can from your dreamsMake them real as anythingIt takes the work out of the courage
Our great human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.
Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.
It always helps to think about other people instead of ourselves.
The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.
The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.
I used to think the world was broken down by tribes,' I said. 'By Black and White. By Indian and White. But I know this isn't true. The world is only broken into two tribes: the people who are assholes and the people who are not.
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me.
To make real friends you have to put yourself out there. Sometimes people will let you down, but you can't let that stop you. If you get hurt, you just pick yourself up, dust off your feelings, and try again.
Education is experience, and the essence of experience is self-reliance.
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
follow your heart! (sppotedleafs motto)
Approval is overrated...Approval and disapproval alike satisfy those who deliver it more than those who receive it. I don't care for approval, and I don't mind doing without.
Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.
Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?
No matter how safe and beautiful it is, a cage is still a cage.
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.
As you walk through forestsor the meadows of your mind,Stop and talk to those you fearGood friendships you may find
What affects one in a major way, affects all in a minor way.
Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!
Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way.
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
I want you to go back into the barrack and tell the men to come out after the storm. Tell them to look up at me tied here. Tell them I'll open my eyes and look back at them, and they'll know hat I survived.
A sense of calm came over me. More and more often I found myself thinking, "This is where I belong. This is what I came into this world to do.
Her burdens were her own and burdens were for shoulders strong enough to bear them.
It is necessary to hope... for hope itself is happiness.
The truth was this: Love is a decision.
There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people move our souls to dance. They awaken us to a new understanding with the passing whisper of their wisdom. Some people make the sky more beautiful to gaze upon. They stay in our lives for awhile, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same.
We all have same beginning (BIRTH), and we will have same ending (DEATH). So how different can we be?
living eulogy.she danced.she sang. she took.she gave.she loved.she created.she dissented. she enlivened.she saw. she grew. she sweated.she changed.she learned. she laughed.she shed her skin.she bled on the pages of her days,she walked through walls,she lived with intention.
just remember: i love you, and love yourselves. 'cause, little monsters, you were born that way baby.
You are stronger than you know.
That's what you want to do? Then nothing beats a trial but a failure. Give it everything you've got. I've told you many times, 'Cant do is like Dont Care.' Neither of them have a home.
There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating college student.
We Greeks believe that a man who takes no part in public affairs is not merely lazy, but good for nothing
Read books. Care about things. Get excited. Try not to be too down on youself. Enjoy the ever present game of knowing.
And to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading.
Bunkum and tummyrot! You'll never get anywhere if you go about what-iffing like that. Would Columbus have discovered America if he'd said 'What if I sink on the way over? What if I meet pirates? What if I never come back?' He wouldn't even have started.
The moment you stop worrying about success is when success will happen.
When one flower blooms spring awakens everywhere
The warrior is Here, Now.
Wise men put their trust in ideas and not in circumstances.
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.
No one invites you to the top - you have to claw your way up. When you get there, you will sit with the others who were also uninvited - giggling. 
As I go clowning my sentimental way into eternity, wrestling with all my problems of estrangement and communion, sincerity and simulation, ambition and acquiescence, I shuttle between worrying whether I matter at all and whether anything else matters but me.
Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin as to take them by the hand and to watch over them in tenderness. When persons manifest the least kindness and love to me, O what pow'r it has over my mind.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not.
Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old...- Wang Lung
You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.
When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you.
Be creative, be useful, be practical, be generous and finish big
Too many people realize at the end of their lives that they've taken for granted those who really love them. 
Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.
People need not fear the unknown if they are capable of achieving what they need and want.
Sometimes you've got to be able to listen to yourself and be okay with no one else understanding.
I have something that I call my Golden Rule. It goes something like this: 'Do unto others twenty-five percent better than you expect them to do unto you.' . The twenty-five percent is for error.
Champions are made from something they have deep inside of them-a desire, a dream, a vison.
Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.
It is better to fill your head with useless knowledge than no knowledge at all.
It's daring to be curious about the unknown, to dream big dreams, to live outside prescribed boxes, to take risks, and above all, daring to investigate the way we live until we discover the deepest treasured purpose of why we are here.
When you grow up as a girl, the world tells you the things that you are supposed to be: emotional, loving, beautiful, wanted. And then when you are those things, the world tells you they are inferior: illogical, weak, vain, empty.
A book series is never truly over. The story lives on, even when the final page has been turned.
And if you think you're alone. Put on my music. Because I'm going to be there for you.
Dupa ce iti omori demonii, daca ai curajul sa o faci, e musai sa te intorci pe acelasi drum.
A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more in your relationship that you breathe life into it.
I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. 
Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.
When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life... it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.
Be compassionate ... and take responsibility for each other. If we only learned those lessons, this world would be a better place.
Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.
A woman could be as beautiful as she felt herself to be.
People don't believe what you tell them.They rarely believe what you show them.They often believe what their friends tell them.They always believe what they tell themselves.
The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
Hurl yourself at goals above your head and bear the lacerations that come when you slip and make a fool of yourself. Try always, as long as you have breath in your body, to take the hard way-and work, work, work to build yourself into a rich, continually evolving entity.
Words are tears that have been written down. Tears are words that need to be shed. Without them, joy loses all its brilliance and sadness has no end.
Rich People plan for three generationsPoor people plan for Saturday night
Somehow difficulties are easier to endure when you know your dream is waiting for you at the end.
It is wisdom to recognize necessity when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope.
Courage comes from a heart that is CONVINCED it is loved.
The paths to liberation are numerous, but the bank along the way is always the same, the Bank of Karma, where the liberation account of each of us is credited or debited depending on our actions.
Just because you refuse to acknowledge something, refuse to look at it or think about it, doesn't mean it's not there, that it doesn't affect you and the choices you make in your life.
Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!
You're not a bad person, you're just a little bit different and I'm a sucker for that.
A respectable appearance is sufficient to make people more interested in your soul
You shouldn't judge someone until you've walk a mile through an underground tunnel in her uncomfortable shoes
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.
Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.
America is too great for small dreams.
She might be pointing to a doorway, or a person, or the sky. But such things were so common to my eyes, so undistinguished, that they would register as "nothing" I walked in a gray world of nothing.
Though my work may be menial, though my contribution may be small, I can perform it with dignity and offer it with unselfishness. My talents may not be great, but I can use them to bless the lives of others.... The goodness of the world in which we live is the accumulated goodness of many small and seemingly inconsequential acts.
If you can't believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you'll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there's a will, there's a way.
Never let yourself be persuaded that any one Great Man, any one leader, is necessary to the salvation of America. When America consists of one leader and 158 million followers, it will no longer be America.
And then, despite everything, I smiled and looked at the note and knew that spring would come -it always does. so I stared out that cold window, watching my breath collect on the glass, trying not to think about my life after the thaw.
One must work and dare if one really wants to live.
Speak when you are angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
So much for endings. Beginnings are always more fun. True connoisseurs, however, are known to favor the stretch in between, since it's the hardest to do anything with. That's about all that can be said for plots, which anyway are just one thing after another, a what and a what and a what.
I have a self-made quote: Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.
With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.
Convictions are prisons.
Enjoy every ounce of your life, get high and be sincere to anybody that comes around you.
But she loves me. Me. Just the way I am.
Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.
Concentration attracts luck factor.
All shall be done, but it may be harder than you think.
It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
When I begin to doubt my ability to work the word, I simply read another writer and know I have nothing to worry about. My contest is only with myself, to do it right, with power, and force, and delight, and gamble.
I liked things better when I didn't understand them.
It is impossible to be both selfish and happy
If you want to be a writer, you have to write every day... You don't go to a well once but daily. You don't skip a child's breakfast or forget to wake up in the morning...
The purpose of life is to discover your gift. The meaning of life is to give your gift away.
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest. 
You will see that the things you desire most are the very things that bring you the greatest sorrow.
If you can control your behavior when everything around you is out of control, you can model for your children a valuable lesson in patience and understanding...and snatch an opportunity to shape character.
A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.
It is possible for the human spirit to win after all.
Guilt starts as a feeling of failure.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed, but our power to do so is increased.
Fear is a natural emotion in life, but you cannot let it dictate your actions. When you act out of fear, you will only meet failure. But act out of determination to conquer that fear, and you will succeed at anything. Maybe not the first time, or the second or third, but eventually-as long as you keep trying-you can conquer your fears and succeed.
I don't need any plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back
Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Read. Read 1000 pages for every 1 page that you write.
We can never know what might have been but what is to come is another matter entirely
You're water. We're the millstone.You're wind. We're dust blown up into shapes.You're spirit. We're the opening and closing of our hands. You're the clarity.We're the language that tries to say it.You're joy. We're all the different kinds of laughing.
Look in the mirror and say, 'There is none other like you and for that reason alone you are beautiful.
I am overwhelmed by the grace and persistence of my people.
You can surrender without a prayer, but never really pray without surrender. You can fight without ever winning, but never ever win without a fight.
True love is boundless like the ocean and, swelling within one, spreads itself out and, crossing all boundaries and frontiers, envelops the whole world.
Cynicism is what passes for insight when courage is lacking.
Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you.
Writing means not just staring ugliness in the face, but finding a way to embrace  it.
Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.
Teach her that the idea of 'gender roles' is absolute nonsense. Do not ever tell her that she should or should not do something because she is a girl. 'Because you are a girl' is never reason for anything. Ever.
No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.
If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door.
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.
Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability
The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.
Don't give in to fear. Be strong, like i know you are. An never give up, d'you unnerstand, never. No matter what happens.I stare at him.I won't, I says. I ain't no quitter, Pa.That's my girl.
I want you to learn the lesson of the lotus. This flower springs forth from muddy waters. It raises its delicate petals to the sun and perfumes the world while, at the same time, its roots cling to the elemental muck, the very essence of the mortal experience. Without that soil, the flower would wither and die.
Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away. It is never truly gone.
even in the loneliest momentsi have been therefor myself.
Love means never having to be apart
I want all my senses engaged. Let me absorb the world's variety and uniqueness.
Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.
I don't think anyone, until their soul leaves their body, is past the point of no return
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for by doing that some have entertained angels without knowing it.
The Highest Thought is always that thought which contains joy. The Clearest Words are those words which contain truth. The Grandest Feeling is that feeling which you call love.
So long as you do no harm to another, change your opinion once in a while. Contradict yourself without being embarrassed. This is your right. It doesn't matter what others think -because that's what they will think, in any case.
I asked her if I was black or white. She replied "You are a human being. Educate yourself or you'll be a nobody!
After all, when you come right down to it, how many people speak the same language even when they speak the same language?
The walls are the publishers of the poor.
Helen Keller became deaf, dumb, and blind shortly after birth. Despite her greatest misfortune, she has written her name indelibly in the pages of the history of the great. Her entire life has served as evidence that no one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as reality.
Heaven help the roses if the bombs begin to fall
I suppose we'll never know what really happened in that room, though he did tell police, "I did it because I'm a dirty dog." This is not a very convincing alibi. He may as well have said, "I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
The day is ending. It's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, Let go.
He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
Feel the fear and do it anyway!
Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.
One day you will wake up & there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.
All men are created equal. It is what you do from there that makes the difference. We are all free agents in life. We make our own decisions. We control our own destiny.
Life is a journey, not a destination; there are no mistakes, just chances we've taken.
You soak up my soul and mingle me. Each drop of my blood cries out to the earth. We are partners, blended as one.
There's always a choice,' said Torak, and walked backward off the cliff.
Learn as if you were not reaching your goal and as though you were scared of missing it
One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes when it pleases,and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring it back.
If it's going to be a world with no time for sentiment, it's not a world that I want to live in.
This is a love story. Twisted and messy. Flawed and screwed up. But it's ours. It's us. I don't know how our story will end. but I know it will start.
I have seen sights and travelled in countries you cannot imagine. I have been afraid and I have been in danger, and I have never for one moment thought that I would throw myself at at a man for his help.
Energy comes not from your muscle neither from your heart. It comes from your inner source.
When you were born you were crying and everyone else was smiling. Live your life so at the end, your're the one who is smiling and everyone else is crying.
You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.
Of course, a sign doesn't mean anything unless you know how to interpret it.
Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.
I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.
By 20, you should be smart. By 30, you should be strong. By 40, you should be rich. By 50, you should be wise. But if you are smart, strong, rich and wise, you don't need any age limits.
Live Long and Prosper
Sometimes, there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day.
Stop in somebody's shadow to rest and cool down, and you are lost. No one can make anyone else happy.
Enjoyment appears at the boundary between boredom and anxiety, when the challenges are just balanced with the person's capacity to act.
There are so many moments to remember and sometimes I think that maybe we're not really people at all. Maybe moments are what we are.... Sometimes I just survive. But sometimes I stand on the rooftop of my existence, arms stretched out, begging for more.
When you've found another soul who see's in to your own...take good care of each other..and remember to be kind..
Those who have a strong sense of love and belonging have the courage to be imperfect.
It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past.
sometimes we have absolutely no idea where we are, we need the smallest clue to show us where to begin.
What others think about you is none of your business.
We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.
Even if it's absurd to think you can change things, it's even more absurd to believe that it is foolish and unimportant to try.
Why are you being so mean?""Friends tell friends the truth.""yeah, but not to hurt, to help.
Actually, you can be bad at something...but if you love doing it, that will be enough. - August Boatwright
All of the great empires of the future will be empires of the mind.
The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.
We could all do with a bit more joy in our lives couldn't we? The wonderful thing is that when we start spreading joy, we begin to actually experience more joy in our lives too!
Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.
Because saving the people you love isn't stupid. It isn't even a choice
We have been moving along at such a fast pace that we no longer know what we are doing. Now we have to wait until our soul catches up with us.
Above all things physical, it is more important to be beautiful on the inside - to have a big hear and an open mind and a spectacular spleen.
Often, moreover, it is...that aspect of our being that society finds eccentric, ridiculous, or disagreeable, that holds our sweet waters, our secret well of happiness, the key to our equanimity in malevolent climes.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
What other people think of me is not my business.
Negative desires can cause no evil if you do not allow yourself to be seduced by them.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
[The decay of Logic results from an] untroubled assumption that the particular is real and the universal is not.
cause when there's life there's still hope
Life is a barter of choice and consequences.
CLAUDIA: I love you as high as the sky and as deep as the sea.MICHAEL: Multiply my love by infinity and take it to the depths of forever, and you still have only a glimpse of how much I feel for you. I love you more.
Sometimes you deal with the devil not because you want to, but because if you don't, someone else will.
Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?
Spirituality exist in testing and experiencing the depth of inner peace consistently.
Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance.
Hope does not leave without being given permission.
To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.
He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.
Imagine others complexly.
Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change.Drizzt Do'Urden
A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.
YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side,'said the dewdrop to the lake.
If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.
In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.
When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.
You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.
Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.
Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.
What a lover's heart knows let no man's brain dispute.
Life's managed, not cured. 
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.
It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...
One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it's happened.
Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.
When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.
Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.
The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.The patients only feel, but the doctor, as well as feeling, has a pretty good idea of the destructive effect of the disease on his constitution.This is a case in which knowledge brings death nearer.
The only value of wasted time is knowledge.
YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.
If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.
Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.
The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.
The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that life's intimacy does not reveal it's dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out.
Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this
On marriage: You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again.
Some want to live within the soundOf church or chapel bell;I want to run a rescue shop,Within a yard of hell.
You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.
The universe never complains.When you're wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light.
Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.
There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? I appeal as a human being to human beings; remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life.
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this.
One word can change your life forever.I love youI hate youThink about it
Education is meaningless without manners
Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.
A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.
Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.
where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?
Never say never
For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,is a flame that burns to its own destruction.
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.
Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.
For others, in spite of myself, from myself.
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
Who we are now is all that really matters.
Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.
Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.
Nobody is good or bad. They are either strong or weak. Strong people stick to their morals, no matter what the trials and tribulations. Weak people, many a times, do not even realise how low they have fallen.
You have to be an artist and a madman...
A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need.
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's there are few
I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us.
A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself.
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.
The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.
Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.
Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.
Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards.
If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones.
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.
The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence
Perfection is something we should all strive for. It's a duty and a joy to perfect one's nature... The most difficult thing is love. A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book.
We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people
A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.
Love is my inner strength and my power.
Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty.
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life.
The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.
Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.
I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.
For me, writing is immortality. It is wisdom. It is never-ending.
We must think beyond ourselves
No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!
Business people - Your business - is your greatest prejudice: it ties you to your locality, to the company you keep, to the inclinations you feel. Diligent in business - but indolent in spirit, content with your inadequacy, and with the cloak of duty hung over this contentment: that is how you live, that is how you want your children to live!
Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision.
This intriguing 'somewhere else,' where intelligence no longer matters and awareness melts away, commands us to cherish our remains of innocence -- because of all the characteristics of human nature, the richest by far is passion for the perfectly useless.
Great losses are great lessons.
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.
Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.
Every new day is an opportunity to grow your love.
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.
Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.
People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story?
Want less, live more
I don't want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I'm ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of.
When you've tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed
A loud smile is often a fake laugh.
If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve
Giving is the only way of taking part
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
On the top of Cadair Idris,I felt how happy a man might bewith a little money and a sane intellect,and reflected with astonishment and pityon the madness of the multitude.
The slope contains many wonders not found at the summit.
Whenever a soul leaves the body a void is felt across the world..
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.
When you are able to love yourself deeply, you can be kind to others.
Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.
Each sunrise brings a new day filled with new hopes for a new beginning.
I'd like to be the moon in your sky.
In the summer, we write life's summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories.
Results are always hidden in thoughts and actions.
Bloom as if you want to make the whole world beautiful.
So that others can live in peace, talk about love and peace wherever you go.
All that man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. His suffering and happiness are evolved from within. As he thinks, so he is. As he continues to think, so he remains.
In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are
Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!
You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top.
That's the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person
I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.
I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells.
The Great Way is not named; Great Discriminations are not spoken; Great Benevolence is not benevolent; Great Modesty is not humble; Great Daring does not attack. If the Way is made clear, it is not the Way.
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string
Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. Then any part you make will represent the whole if it's made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it.
I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible.
striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm.
The most important thing I gained from my travels was the knowledge that one could achieve anything with determination and an ounce of luck.
Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of life and endless possibilities of a world united.
Understanding how little we know is crucial to gaining knowledge.
I have lived a long life and had many troubles, most of which never happened
There will come a time when people will realize the greatest mysteries of the universe: will a human then meet anything other than himself?
Acquiring knowledge through the centuries has influenced human society more than all other factors.
The development of civilization was marked by constant changes. This will continue - therefore, the future will belong to people ready for change.
We should enjoy every minute we live today because who knows if we will have a chance to do so tomorrow.
The people who overcome their fears are the ones who can achieve their dreams.
True friendship doesn't include jealousy.
A friend is a person who always understands your preoccupations, even when other people do not perceive them at all.
Even if you listen to all the advice from your parents, friends, teachers, and mentors, if you don't end up happy, you still have nobody to blame. Nobody's perfect.
We all have to share this world. The best way to do that is to be nice to each other.
If you have someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for, your life is better than most battle.
A philosopher's main task is to compulsively filibuster
On a basic level- everything we say- essentially anything that comes out of our mouths is a rationalisation in some form or another
Success and failure are relative categories. Therefore, do not exult in victory and do not despair after defeat. Accept the changes in life placidly, knowing that autumn and winter come after summer.
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.
... just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic... See, they have a beautiful life.
Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.
Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.
An opinion should be the result of thought, not a substitute for it. 
The Universe doesn't like secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth, to lead you to it.
In all debates, let truth be thy aim, not victory, or an unjust interest.
Once you start recognizing the truth of your story, finish the story. It happened but you're still here, you're still capable, powerful, you're not your circumstance. It happened and you made it through. You're still fully equipped with every single tool you need to fulfill your purpose.
Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.
But just because you love something, I added to myself, doesn't mean you'll ever be great. Not if you don't work. Most people stink at the things they love.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.
If you only write when inspired, you may be a fairly decent poet, but you'll never be a novelist.
No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.
A women can run, hide, play and have fun but she will shine far better when she just smiles without none.
One truth doesn't refute another. Truth doesn't lie in the object, but in how we see it.
Truth does not sit in a cave and hide like a lie. It wanders around proudly and roars loudly like a lion.
A woman who surrenders her freedom need not surrender her dignity.
We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.
The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.
Brilliance is impossible without a touch of insanity.
Love doesn't always come when you want it to. Sometimes it just happens, despite your will.
hindi dahil sa hindi mo naiintindihan ang isang bagay ay kasinungalingan na ito. at hindi lahat ng kaya mong intindihin ay katotohanan. 
The truth is revealed when you are ready to receive it when you need it in order to move forward to take the next step in your journey. to move on toward your destiny.
Don't let the fear of losing them keep you from loving them.
Dance in the rain, follow the path of lovely lanes, you are what you always wanted to be, so chill out, dear friend!
I would rather be a devil in alliance with truth, than an angel in alliance with falsehood.
And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.
You believe what your eyes want to believe!
I am powerful in my love for myself. The truth of my being is I love myself exactly as I am. I honor my empowered heart.
I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.
The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.
I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.
There has to be new words to explain new worlds.
What you see is what you see
George, she says it's the truth that matters. We live and die for the chance to maybe tell a little bit of the truth, maybe shame the Devil just a little bit before we go.
Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It's a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.
At such times the universe gets a little closer to us. They are strange times, times of beginnings and endings. Dangerous and powerful. And we feel it even if we don't know what it is. These times are not necessarily good, and not necessarily bad. In fact, what they are depends on what *we* are.
There is no such thing as magic, supernatural, miracle; only something that's still beyond logic of the observer.
Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.
Peace is not a result inside us from everything around us. Peace is not submissive nor passive. On the contrary, peace is an overwhelming force which comes from within us, disrespectful of everything around us, a firm coalition of spirit and soul standing against all the unrest that abounds.
This is how you start to get respect, by offering something that you have.
How would your life be different if...You could control the outcome of your day, your week, your year? Let today be the day...You embrace the truth that you DO have such control to label every event in your life, and create an agreement with reality that empowers you and propels you to greatness.
Lies do not lie, truth do, In the times of any act lies lie hidden behind.
Queequeg was a native of Kokovoko, an island far away to the West and South. It is not down in any map; true places never are.
Behold the power of the truth. When people see its shadow on the wall, they don't want to take the time to look away.
There are no means of finding what either one person or many can do, but by trying - and no means by which anyone else can discover for them what it is for their happiness to do or leave undone
Truth is not a reward for good behaviour, nor a prize for passing some tests. It cannot be brought about. It is the primary, the unborn, the ancient source of all that is. You are eligible because you are. You need not merit truth. It is your own....Stand still, be quiet.
Simple the life, simpler will be your instincts, the laws that govern universe will obey your simplicity.
confront your greatest fearsvoice your biggest problemsacknowledge your tiniest issuesthe longer you stay silentthe louder they becomethey won't disappear if you ignore themthey will spread and affect all aspects of your life
Yet we must say something when those who say the most are saying nothing.
She told the truth as she saw it, and she died for it. I came along for the ride, and I lived. It wasn't worth it. But it was the truth, and it was what had to happen.
And if we do not stand now, then when will a stand be taken against evil?
The life that I have lived was no more than a mask covering the real me. What has happened was not to kill me but to reveal me.
Good is never accomplished except at the cost of those who do it, truth never breaks through except through the sacrifice of those who spread it.
It's written, 'seek and ye shall find'. But first, 'imagine what you seek'.Otherwise, you will end up searching everything everywhere forever.
This is the moment when something once more begins visibly to happen, something truly new and unique...something truly historical, in the sense that history again demands to be heard.
Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.
The truth, the all moving magic, the single handed spark of it all wasI found art. And this saved my life.
I tell you this true story just to prove that I can. That my frailty has not yet reached a point at which I can no longer tell a true story.
The truth is .. I'm okay with people not liking me. I'm not okay with them pretending that they do. Keep it real. Everybody ain't for everybody.
Blessed is he who believes in the illusion because thus he can find his great truth!
At beyond continent of reality, there are oceans of ideas.
I know certain truths about life.
A Man who is doing his True Will has the inertia of the Universe to assist him.
Each one of us comes out of our mother's body crying, with or without exceptions. But we are not aware of it. Are you? Do you remember that you cried the very first time you come out of your mother's body? If not, then why are you crying now?
Poverty is not a disgrace, but it's terribly inconvenient
Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
She wore far too much rouge last night and not quite enough clothes. That is always a sign of despair in a woman.
Perhaps conscience did not always produce cowards. Sometimes it made a man feel better about himself.
You always supposed to have that i'm number 1 mentality,don't let anyone make you feel like you is number 2 when they not even worth being number 1 !!!
Certain people will be upset when you speak the truth. They might get mad. They might get really mad. That's because they are still living the lie you've exposed. Stay strong. Speak truth. Do not allow yourself to get pulled back into their lie just to make others happy and yourself miserable. You are free. Stay free.
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality.
Eventually everything connects - people, ideas, objects...the quality of the connections is the key to quality per se...I don't believe in this 'gifted few' concept, just in people doing things they are really interested in doing. They have a way of getting good at whatever it is.
If you're explaining, you're losing.
When you recognize or experience the truth about yourself you automatically feel love, because love is a quality of your true consciousness and true ideas.
i realize you cant just throw real gems at ppl...because they think cubic zirconia is the real thing lol
Ellie: "You could lie to me. You could tell me to be encouraged, that good will triumph over evil."Richard: "Good will triumph over evil."Ellie: "Liar.
Nature alone can lead to the understanding of art, just as art brings us back to nature with greater awarness. It is the source of all beauty, since it is the source of all life. 
There is nothing to writing, all you have to do is, sit on the computer and bleed your thoughts.
I was born handsome and I will die handsome. 
If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.
The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.
The dead never go to their own funeral.
We all have a voice. Some a whisper, some a roar. If you can roar, roar for others. If you can only whisper, keep trying. Every roar started small.
Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.
How initially 'to get her in the sack' and subsequently to avoid 'her giving you the sack' are not identical dilemmas faced by the male species, but they sure have a bizarre habit of being bedfellows
Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.
I don't like lies," said Bran, and I knew I'd failed to keep the pain of his revelation from my face. "Not even lies of omission. Hard truths can be dealt with, triumphed over, but lies will destroy your soul.
Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.
You can't be spontaneous within reason.
Truth is that we all need facts we cannot continue to eat only the food that is given to us. Sometimes we have to feed ourselves otherwise we set our self up for dependency on the wrong nutrition without realizing that we were being poisoned the whole time.
My life is my testimony.
Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.
What would I look like if everything that I am, no secrets, was put on paper? Would I be horrifying?
Your kids pissing you off is an inborn instinct. It's nature's way of getting you to kick them out when they turn 18!Okaaay. ~sigh~ Due to the times, you can kick them out between the ages of 28-38. Can someone please dramatically reduce the cost of housing, already?~SHEESH~
Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.
There are worse things, worse than being like us. Look, at least we're alive.
Nothing is build, just like that, everything around the world has some value and the purpose.
The principles you know determines what you get
It takes courage to become authentic. So many talk about the light but not enough speak the truth about the struggles it takes to get there and the tools to overcome it all.
Be honest. This applies to every area of your life. Sketchiness is not an attractive trait. No more trying to cover up your baggage, sweeping things under the rug, withholding truth, blatant lying, or even telling seemingly 'harmless' white lies or half-truths - release the need to lie completely! Start NOW.
Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.
Not all things can be expressed through words, not all the words reflect the truth.
Elizabeth Bachinsky, Darren Bifford, Jason Camelot, Rachel Cyr, Tara Flanagan, Lilly Fiorentino, John Goldbach, David McGimpsey, Evan Munday, Sachiko Murakami, Ian Orti, Marisa Grizenko, Christina Palassio, Mike Spry, Darren Wershler.
The mistakes we regret the most are the ones we were too scared to make
All the dead bolts, pulled shades and hidden knives in the world couldn't protect you from the truth.
Deep layers of context are missed when cursorily reading for quantity at the expense of comprehension - only the vapid are impressed by those who try to squeeze as many books as possible into each passing month as if shoving one more oiled hot dog down the gullet in a food eating contest to prove accumulation superiority.
I'm Grateful to say I'm Grateful
In life there are heads and there are tails however when one starts to excrete thoughts out of the latter and proceed to relieve yourself out of the former then you've become too full of yourself.
In life there are heads and there are tails however when one starts to excrete thoughts out of the latter and proceed to relieve yourself out of the former than you've become too full of yourself.
To say that death opposes life is just the same as you would say you live the absolute truth.
Analogy of scientist who try to reach the higher speed: A child ant is tired after the long walk in a body of a jet. It tries to find a method of traveling faster than walking.
The only way to make your dreams a reality is to live your truth. To embrace your truth, and embrace it with love.
To love is to communicate, and you can communicate only in truth. Speak the truth, and speak it with love.
If you lie to yourself, you become your worst enemy, attacking from inside. (from The Amazing You movie)
Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
If you are not vegan, please consider going vegan. It's a matter of nonviolence. Being vegan is your statement that you reject violence to other sentient beings, to yourself, and to the environment, on which all sentient beings depend.
I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.
Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.
Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.
Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.
The light of compassion opens the petals of the heart. When the petals of the heart unfold fragrance spreads across the valley.
My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.
Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now...
All that sadness. All that anger. It is the smoke that gets into your eyes. If you do not blow it away, how can you hope to see?
If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
We're on the same boat but in different cabin
To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.
My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.
One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.
In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
How many people you bless is how you measure success
See, the 'small stuff' is what makes up the larger picture of our lives. Many people are like you, young man. But their perspective is distorted. They ignore 'small stuff,' claiming to have an eye on the bigger picture, never understanding that the bigger picture is composed of nothing more than-are you ready?- 'small stuff'.
While it is true that most people never see or understand the difference they make, or sometimes only imagine their actions having a tiny effect, every single action a person takes has far-reaching consequences.
The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.
Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.
The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.
Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.
They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason... we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!
Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!
Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn howto untangle the threads and weave a tapestry that matches your desires.
Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.
It is born in mind that the tragedy of life does not lie in not reaching the goal. The tragedy of life lies in having no goal to reach.
Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination
In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.
It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.
Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...
Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.
Don't let others box you into their idea of what they think you should be. A confined identity is a miserable way to exist. Be you and live free. Trust that in living true to yourself, you will attract people that support and love you, just as you are.
When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation can really be a bad one.
A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...
In the long run what people think about shepherds and bakers becomes more important for them than their own destinies.
Nobody is wired wrong, because there's no wrong and right in the way we are.
Each person you meetis an aspect of yourself,clamoring for love.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.
The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.(August 9, 1955)
It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.
Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.
The Master said, What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water-other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui's joy. What a worthy man was Hui!(Analects 6.11)
errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.
The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.
A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies
Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?""The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.
It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.
Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.
He is beginning to master wisdom when he tries to learn how not to try.
It's obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.
What do we any of us have but our illusions? And what do we ask of others but that we be allowed to keep them?
Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.
Not what happens to youBut how you accept itIs of paramount importance.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.
Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.
Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.
No one is defined by a single act," Frederic said. "Whether it was years ago or weeks ago. We're all given chances to change, to make up for things we've done wrong. It's how we handle those opportunities that really matters.
Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one's life is wisdom - and that is the ultimate virtue
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..
The life and passion of a person leave an imprint on the ether of a place. Love does not remain within the heart, it flows out to build secret tabernacles in a landscape.
People can have the best of intentions when they tell their loved ones how they should be living their lives. But often times, when we are in struggle, we are seeking to be supported, not solved.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.
Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom's sharp peaks.
I have tried to teach you the wonders of the spiritual world......I have tried to show how we mortals can attain such wisdom......and I've decided you're a pillock.]
Look no farther than your hand,Make a choice and take a stand.
As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you
Going down in history is a dead end pursuit
We have all grown wiser.
I am in the world to change the world
There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.
We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.
You are joy, looking for a way to express. It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager. That's who you are.
You need to trustTo surrenderTo ask for guidanceGo within for the answersThey're within youYou have the answersAll you need do is ask
Let your wisdom guide youOn your own personal journey By listening to your heartYour soul will be alight And let you beAll that you are intended to be
A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.
You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.
Collaboration has no hierarchy. The Sun collaborates with soil to bring flowers on the earth.
Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match
The mind has a definite way of clothing one's thoughts in appropriate physical equivalents. Think in terms of poverty and you will live in poverty. Think in terms of opulence and you will attract opulence. Through the eternal law of harmonious attraction, one's thoughts always clothe themselves in material things appropriate unto their nature.
Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.
To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death-however humane-is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.
Being aware is being aware of one's own mind and the games it plays on itself.
Make your ideal your new real.
one should never assume anything
The friend is a human EdenBut Eden is so easily lostWhen you choose, choose wiselyBefore you share, count the cost
The brillant person who does not take heed is the same as the ignorant who does not know.
To have opinions is to sell out to yourself. To have no opinion is to exist. To have every opinion is to be a poet.
...freedom can be a full-time job if you let it.
I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.
Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.
Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment.as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.
Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.
We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.
Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right. Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.
You were not just blessed for yourself,your were blessed to be a blessing toothers.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.
Seek out your superiors and learn from them. Do not hide nor shy away from them for the sake of your pride for true pride is perceived, not in perceived skill, but in improvement.
Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.
You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.
Don't hide what you have just because people tell you it's not normal. I have known normal people.and guess what? They are as boring as hell...
Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.
We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong - and possibly more morally wrong - to consume dairy
I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.
CAN is the enemy of DO.
Desire is the seed of potential.
The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.
Only those who row the boat make waves
In every bush lies a nest. 
It's all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.
Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.
The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.
Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.
Good...if you've done things you aren't proud of. It means you have a conscience.
If believing were simple, then this world wouldn't be in the mess that it is today.
It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...It Thrills...IT Is LIFE...!
Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!
When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership
The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..
Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!
Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn't something to use lightly.
It is only the brave who win life's rewards. Those who don't overcome their fears are destined to fail at even the least things.
The waters of spirituality are forever changing and forever constant. Prejudice or fixed ideas can only weigh you down and remove you from the flow. - The Book of Metanoia (D. Williamsen)
Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.
Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan
I have no doubt that in reality the future will be vastly more surprising than anything I can imagine. Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.
You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?
A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.
You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.
The only way to heal is to help others heal, and the only way to find love and keep love in our lives is to give it to others.
When your pockets are empty, go where your heart is full.
If you cannot find a reason to be grateful for today, be grateful for you have the sky.
Thinking about the future is the worst way of thinking about the future. Working on your future is the best way of thinking about your future.
The most tragic and deviant behaviour of all is that we live our lives like we will never die, and nonetheless we never live at all.
Beauty becomes beautiful only when it is shared with others.
The reason why we get the same partners is not because people are the same, but because we pull the dark shadow of past hurts over our eyes and we live the same all over again. We change the actors, but never the masks we give them in our play.
Fear is not the end. But only a transition.
In moments of great change we suffer, somehow hoping deep down that our emotions and our dramas can change the future or prevent it from happening. Future happens regardless.
It's always your assumptions about you, about others, about future that make reality worse than it actually is.
In the pursuit of dreams, we all have different beginnings. Your past is not negotiable. You must let go of the hope for a better past.
I didn't change, I just found myself.
Even on my worst day I'm Kill'n it!
If you're sad, add more lipstick and attack!
Our task is not to find love but to remove all blocks that we have built against it.
With every dream and with every love, you have to die to the old, and be reborn to the new. You must leave what you know behind, and surrender to the unknown.
THE MOST HURTFUL BELIEF: We live in a world where we are taught that we get by taking.
The holiest place on Earth, is not a temple or a church, but our relationship to one another.
The greatest virtue consists in flourishing to the greatest of our capacities.
Destiny is purpose seen from the other end of life.
You do not deserve what you think you deserve, But you Deserve what you do.
Dive down into the deepest depth of your soul there you will find your ocean of wisdom.
The magic, grace, growth and wonder of life is that wisdom follows a fall and defeat not from a win.
Travel is the dream of travelers.
And then she reminded me: "It's the journey, not the destination, true?""True." I said " A bit hackneyed, but true indeed."She sighed. I smiled.
Happiness keeps you Sweet , Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, But Only faith Keeps You Going! Be Happy Live Simply.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honor trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then - to learn.
With the love of music, there will be no misery in life.
It is only through the darkness, we desire the light.
The worth of your strength cannot be measured in wages.
...an irresistible of why we read and why we love.We are not quite novels.We are not quite short stories.In the end, we are collected works.
Your actions show what you know, and your replies to obstacles give clarity into what you will learn.
You can build a business, or you can run it, but there's only two ways it can be run, you can run it straight, or you can run it into the ground.
It will never be all that I want it to be.But it is always twice what I expected.
Fail soon so that you can succeed sooner.
Today it is cheaper to start a business than tomorrow.
Keep reading! Keep travelling! Keep thinking! And finally you will be there, in the Land of Wisdom where the mind has the power of an eagle's eye!
Mystics reign where lacks true education.
It is wiser to love who you are than what you want.
Later that day when I walked down this dried-out riverbed, enjoying the last rays of sunshine on my bare skin, I felt a deep inner peace coming up straight from my heart.
Titles does not make a man. But the grace of thanks.
The real education never ends.
Embrace wisdom and relentlessly pursue joy, and you can live agelessly.
I embrace my experience and value my wisdom.
Suatu mahakarya butuh pengendapan pikiran dan investasi kesabaran.
Through every turn in life, through every little twist of fate, there is an opportunity to take a step back, find and reinvent yourself, and come back a bigger, stronger, better you.
The difference between those that can and those that can't is attitude.
It becomes a lot easier to understand people when you realize that not everyone wants or is after the same thing.
The taller you stand, the more possibilities you see.
Die wertvollste Reise ist die Reise zu unserem Selbst.
Once trust is built, distance cannot kill it. Time and space alone cannot destroy authentic connection.
To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth.
If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.
I am a scientist, and as such I am proud to say that being stupid at times is a very human thing. Be proud to be stupid, be proud to be fool. Being a fool is a billion times better than being blinded by the illusion of intellect. I admit I am a fool, but at the very least, with each passing day I do my best to get lesser fool.
Being a fool is a billion times better than being blinded by the illusion of intellect.
A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.
Wise men don't feel companionless when they are not in the company of their egos.
To wonder is to be wise.
Be sure to understand the terms of any contract, before you sign.
As soon as you approach the light, the darkness shall fade.
Networking isn't how many people you know, it's how many people know you.
Take a simple idea and take it seriously.
Nothing is dark when you embosom your own light within you
An entrepreneur with strong network makes money even when he is asleep.
A wise person is the one who knows what he knows and what he does not know.
The best self is a good being.
The wilderness leads to wonder of the moment.
Even in your pains, troubles or difficulties, create unforgettable memories by putting a smile on the faces of others'.
Walk while you can.
Practice bravery every day and the self-worth will come.
Bravery is listening even when you don't want to hear it.
Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.
When men learn to glimpse the Universe through the eyes of the Spirit, all they see is Love
Every wound is a word.
What is the purpose of wealth if it cannot serve an ideal that enhances humanity and betters the lives of the people, even if that means those we have never met before in our lives?
Life is neither a feast nor a fun. But a fast.
We still need to give our best to life even if we do not understand the purpose of our existence on earth.
With true love, you can move mountains, make unusual sacrifices, live a life of deprivations and still be happy.
Never allow yourself to be sapped of your extraordinary energy that is the necessary ingredient for creating something new and progressive.
... People who are the spices of this world are the natural souls with instincts and impulses that have not been pruned by evolution and civilization.
Most of the truly kind people of this world show some measure of discomfort when offered kindness. Their gratitude stems not only from their understanding of the depth of the force of kindness, but also from their conviction that kindness should not be taken for granted.
So, you see; you have the soul of a missionary, the heart of a revolutionary and the mind of a reformer. But what are you to yourself and the family and friends who will always be there for you?
Writers are the most pathetic souls when it comes to expressing their own feelings. Their personalities are as complex as the characters they weave.
Some honest people think it is better to know the ways of the devil without being evil.
.our recollections bring out our joyful smiles, but hardly make us chortle or guffaw; our recollections often leave imprints on our faces that show our regrets, but they hardly produce sounds that echo the depth of those regrets.
The selfish and self-centered have a hard time being kind, even though you and I know that kindness is a source of relief to the soul.
I think preconceived ideas or prejudgments are meant to give us an edge whenever we are dealing with others we don't know or haven't made the effort to understand.
When we tend to be too hard on those we love, we erode the softness of our souls in the process, taking out the humanity within us that is the nucleus of our goodness, even if our actions are for their own sake.
Perhaps fate has a way of turning things around and making something good out of the action of someone who failed humanity without meaning to.
The writer is the cursed artist of the soul. The expression of his art is a reflection of his quest to understand man by unraveling the mysteries that have been haunting humankind from time immemorial. In the end of his journey to understand man, the writer becomes more human even though his soul ends up finding less peace.
The scrupulous survivors in life are the best counterweight to unscrupulous survivors.
Most people live lives that are full of mysteries, lives whose ultimate purpose we may never really understand. But for the sake of serenity, we must believe in life's nobleness.
.the truest feeling of happiness is the security that comes with being loved.
A man can't talk of true happiness if he has never known true love-the trusting, selfless and unconditional love that I took for granted.
The true leaders of our time, the legends of this world or the movers of the movers are the towering figures that are blessed with beautiful minds, receptive ears and directing voices. They are the ones we should emulate in life.
Singers, actors or artists who touch on sorrow are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows.
Man craves joy far more than anything else in life, but there is nothing as madly intoxicating as the feeling of joy that comes from the soul.
When faced with difficulties, a humble, understanding, appreciative and selfless person finds it easy to win a friend. On the other hand, a temperamental, egoistic, condensing, self-absorbed, self-conceited and narrow-minded person who lacks the basic sense of humility easily loses friends when in distress.
Kindness is a source of relief to the soul of the giver, creating a sense of fortitude that is incomprehensible to those who do not know what kindness is all about.
There are people who bring joy to our lives, but who fail to make us happy. They are the people for the moment. Never rely on their love because it is not sustainable. Their love is alike a comet that illuminates the sky, but then fades away because it lacks the sustainable energy of the sun.
We need the wisdom to accept the fact that this world abounds with issues we cannot solve; and we need to part ways with those people, ideas and things that are a vexation to the soul.
The narrow-minded find it convenient to create stereotypes, and then try to fit everybody, everything and every situation into those stereotypes.
Some people live their memorable years fighting against their basic instincts only to succumb in the end to what was actually good for them.
Writers understand the world better, but they lack the strength to change it. Perhaps that is so because they understand their limitations more than others.
Writers are the most tormented of all the different categories of artists that are out there in the world.
Male writers who never find the stabilizing force of an understanding woman in their lives usually end up as the jaded figures of their days, the types who give much artistic expression to the world, but who are lonely in their overcrowded worlds of love.
A writer needs a partner who can act as fuel to his artistic mind, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul.
We always emerge from the death of a loved one like a phoenix arising from its funeral pyre.
When somebody you love dies, a phase of life's innocence dies with that person, and a part of you dies as well.
Societies and people that come close to being happy are those that do well in narrowing the disparity between their desires and their needs, especially the material things of life.
In the world of today, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of all of those contradictions. That is how we ended up complicating our world.
.a writer, like most artists, needs a partner who can act as the fuel to his artistic mind and soul, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul.
In today's world, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of that disparity.
Judgments based on preconceptions make life simple for us to deal with since that means we safely shield ourselves behind barriers of preconception that helped us feel safe in whatever views or assumptions we are having.
We, humans, have come up with so many superficialities that are completely unnecessary for our existence and happiness on earth.
Most people have this tendency to make judgments on others based on preconceptions, especially when they are dealing with them for the first time.
In dealing with others, man is inherently a slave to his preconceptions, to the stereotypes he became familiar with that made life easier for him to comprehend.
Life is full of intriguing souls that you cannot penetrate. An uncomfortable percentage of those anguished and impregnable souls also have suffering hearts that are further tormented by a deluded mind. They will hurt out of an impulse, and then live their lives after that without the slightest remorse.
Avoid people who hurt from an impulse. I mean people who have this tendency to relish their capacity to hurt the good souls of this world, and who after hurting, wake up the next day without a trace of despondent brooding, and then move on with life never thinking that they should show some remorse or try to repent.
In your selflessness pursuit of things higher than yourself, you appear selfish or inconsiderate to those who truly love you and who have cared deeply about you from the first day you came into their lives.
There is no bigger gratification than the realization of the things you believe in after overcoming all the odds.
Hold onto your creativity, that idealism that is rooted in some degree of innocence and a firm belief in something finer than the things we already have.
Isn't reality based on the prevailing culture, the trend that people want to identify with?
At what point is normal natural?
The wise shall learn.
What is the purpose of achieving your dream if the people you had dreamed your achievements for are no longer there to reap the benefits?
A yesterday missed can never be found even in a fine tomorrow.
My patria vera or true fatherland is the place that enriches my soul.
a person who tries to use reasoning to explain faith gets lost in the wilderness of incomprehension.
The purpose of life is to nurture joy, which involves those aspects of humanity that enrich the soul.
It was one thing to be fooled, and another thing to be taken for a fool all the time.
Love and hate when stretched to their extremes blind reasoning.
He learned...never to show his anger or hatred against a stronger adversary, for fear of being crushed.
A nationalist will blindly follow his country to his death out of love for it. A patriot will stand up for and even against his country to his death out of love for it.
...There is no greater dividing force in this world than self-interest...
Only a fool would find happiness from an achievement that is detrimental to those he loves.
...No man is foolish when his friend betrays him because a man's world is most serene when he has people to trust and call friends. After all, is it not often said that a friend is another self?
When you are wise, peace shall follow.
Use filmmaking to eliminate racism - use to it terminate misogyny - use it to destroy homophobia and all other primitiveness.
We must cultivate our heads. But nurture our hearts.
The art of filmmaking is the most influential form of art that has ever existed throughout the history of human artistic endeavors.
Filmmaking has the power to fortify the feeble, unify the divided, raise the abandoned and inspire the ignorant.
A movie is not a movie, it is a potential nuclear furnace of inspiration, courage and conscience.
Make movies my friend - make nice, inspiring and bold movies that will penetrate the darkest corners of the human mind and illuminate the soul.
Give people films, they will forget after a few weeks, but give people ideas, they will assimilate them into their consciousness.
The world of books is the wealth of being.
If you reflect on death, you find the vanity of life.
We seek excellence before we seek understanding, wisdom before we gain knowledge, success before we understand hardwork; for this reason we need great teachers and leaders.
Make films that purify the soul with the flow of rational, vigorous and compassionate thinking.
Use filmmaking for a greater purpose, than to just entertain some drowsy minds. Wake the whole world up with your movies. It has been sleeping for long. Its eternal sleep has become its darkest nemesis. Now is the time to wake it up.
Take the clapper and become the alarm that the world so desperately needs.
Whatever genre you deem suitable for your taste - romance, comedy, action, mystery, sci-fi or anything else, make sure it has the plain everyday human kindness.
Humanity has many shortcomings, but none is stronger than pride.
...Never opt for war, no matter how simple it may seem, especially when you know that peace is achievable, even if achieving that peace entails going through a complicated and protracted process,
...True classical dropouts in society are those who avoid difficult challenges and cling to the first opportunity that comes their way. They never test their talents. These latent talents will only help to produce the next cycle of dropouts...
Sometimes, our pride compels us to engage in costly wars when a true commitment to a compromising peace would have been the best course to pursue.
...A canonical leader is someone whose exemplary rule might have appeared to be for the alleviation of the pains and miseries of a particular group, but which in reality is for the advancement of humanism...
...A legendary leader distinguishes himself as someone who gets ahead of his people from an impasse and futile general consensus, and then finds new grounds that constitute the base from which a unique course of his people's destiny is charted...
...Bad leaders are known to destroy one, more or even all of the foundations of their people's way of life...
Every year as you grow older it is your duty to add more years of wisdom. This wisdom may come in many ways. Use it to the best of your abilities
Motherhood isn't just about making babies, it's about making lives and molding destinies.
The wise learn from their own mistakes, the smart from others mistake, but the great learn from others people's success. What are you?
Survivors and prevailers are those who love themselves above failure and everything else except the abstract and mysterious.
Life is a mighty joke that is not meant to be funny.
It is easier for an ambitious friend to become an enemy than for an enemy to become a friend. It is even easier to make friends than you can find people to trust as friends.
Remember these, Sons! Truth presented with tenderness enriches the soul of man and enhances humanity in the process. A Franco-Cameroonian relation based on truth and nurtured with tenderness will be to the benefit not only of Kamerun and France, but also of mankind as a whole.
Where else can we find happiness for a day other than from something that can offer momentary relief, something like the booze?
No true...father would be unconcerned about discord in his family that may cause it to disintegrate in his absence...
A woman's love is all a man should expect from his wife. That love could be translated into so many positive things, especially if it is reciprocated.
Life is a rare fantasy that can be made a reality by being objective.
...political realism is the way forward for any system that is genuinely for humanity or for the interest and advancement of the people of this world.
Even with all its positive attributes, capitalism in its imperialistic form is the most treacherous system mankind ever devised. It is driven by a selfishness that has an almost religious underlining to it.
Our love for our country is worth nothing if it deprives us of our sense of humanity, if it destroys positive consensus.
The vicissitude of life teaches us about our limitations in a world with no guarantees and permanence.
Always strive to get what you want, what you need, especially if your intentions are good and nobody gets hurt in the process.
Huh! Mankind always comes up with ideas to make up for the follies of the status quo. But what happens if those ideas are inflexible and fail to respond to the changing times. They end up betraying the people who believed in them.
True heroes and ideas never fall in the final sense of the word. They can only encounter temporary setbacks in their difficult journey to progress and success,
Fear is a basic human instinct and an indicator of the gravity of a situation. It becomes an asset if it is effectively controlled. It becomes a weakness for a man if he lets it prevail over him.
Human ties are the greatest distorters of reality because they tend to conceal man's worst selfish instincts.
Expose human ties for what they really are and you are most likely to find the worst forms of betrayal staring back at you.
...only the dreamers of a dream are capable of translating their dreams into worthy practical endeavors that are devoid of haunting errors. After all, they are the ones who carefully observed the link between their dreams and reality; they are the ones who worked consciously to blend them into one.
A revolutionary who is out to defeat his enemies could use their weapons, but not their rules.
It is better for a realist to bend his will and ethics to accommodate a true friend than it is for him to stick to his principles that may turn the friend into an adversary.
...We find our greatest peace when we embrace something that gives meaning to our lives. Often, it is love for somebody or something we can give up our lives for, or somebody or something that we are sure will never betray us. That love could be for a partner, for our offspring, for a country or for a belief...
The best trip is the journey you take in finding yourself.
No matter what your struggles are, everyone has their own level of greatness.
I strive everyday to be a great parent so my kids can be better people when they move out into the world on their own.
We don't really change. We finally begin to live a life that is true to our values.
Feeding the ego is starving the wisdom, the choice is yours.
Mindfulness and compassion can give you the power, illumination, love, and wisdom to draw higher forms, thoughts, feelings, and situations into your life.
There is nothing to fearFrom your reflection
Negative means separating energies, while positive means unifying energies. It's not about being 'good' or 'bad' - energy is quite neutral, actually. one just feels better. Simply imagine that being negative creates distance between the hearts of two people, while being positive brings them closer together.
It's true that many overly negative people actually fear letting go of their negativity, and it's because it has become a part of their identity. If this is the case, make it a smoother transition by releasing and replacing one negative opinion at a time. It certainly is an identity shift, but it's one that brings greater fulfillment and life satisfaction.
The more we humanize the society, the more we will become humans.
We are treated exactly the way we expect to be treated by the world and its people.
And don't forget: Elvendork! It's unisex!
Each timewe bow to thefeet of anythingwe find riveting,the mind rises tobe surprised withnew crowningdiamonds ofcreativity.
You alwaysdrop by, to en-lighten my mind,when my wings arefeeling heavy &i've forgottenhow tofly.
Live in the shadow of the moon until you're bright enough to give birth to your own suns.
Some teach youwhat can't be taught,by turning their backon you & helpingyou get internallycloser to everythingyou externallysought.
You'll always be curious yet deliriously sinking into whatever your nightmare is until you let your wings know you're serious by leaping into your wildest dreams of self love.
All beliefs are equally valid.
If we feel good, we can keep going in the direction of the reality we're creating. If we don't feel good, we may reflect upon our beliefs and change them according to the reality we do wish to create.
Every fool has an idea how to change the world. Wise people think about how to improve the world around them.
Please don't be overly sober with your precious wings, it's your addiction to freedom that makes me think that i too can defy gravity.
You have to learn where your weaknesses end and your strengths starts or you will spend your life focusing on all that falls apart.
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
Don't think or judge, just listen.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.
No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.
Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.
No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.
My Life is My Message
Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
When you go through a hard period,When everything seems to oppose you,... When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute,NEVER GIVE UP!Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!
One of the most scariest thing in life is when you come to the realization that the only thing that can save you is...yourself
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn
I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.
Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably difficult to kill.
Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because we don't know what to do with it.
Ends are not bad things, they just mean that something else is about to begin. And there are many things that don't really end, anyway, they just begin again in a new way. Ends are not bad and many ends aren't really an ending; some things are never-ending.
True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.
But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things.
There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?
Newt Scamander : "My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice.
Hidup harus terus berlanjut,tidak peduli seberapa menyakitkan atau membahagiakan, biar waktu yg menjadi obat
I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.
There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.
My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life. You can't change the past, but the future isn't set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)
In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.
To those who are given much, much is expected.
Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.
We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.
It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless.
Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me
There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down- they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!
Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.
Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present".
Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.
Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.
Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter
Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.
And it's the funniest thing: as soon as I see it, the whistling in my ears stops and the feeling of terror drains away, and I realize this whole time I haven't been falling at all. I've been floating.
When things go bad, don't go with them.
I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears
Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing"; - "We accept the love we think we deserve,
Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.
Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.
Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under!
If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.
Open your mind before your mouth
Do not ignore you gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute BEST with the LEAST amount of effort."~Steve Harvey
Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.
I am not an optimist, but a great believer of hope.
You are what you share.
Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.
My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.
Real intimacy is a sacred experience. It never exposes its secret trust and belonging to the voyeuristic eye of a neon culture. Real intimacy is of the soul, and the soul is reserved.
University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.
The way of the miracle-worker is to see all human behavior as one two things: either love, or a call for love.
The past has no power to stop youfrom being present now.Only your grievance aboutthe past can do that.What is grievance?The baggage of oldthought and emotion.
Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success.
I don't dream at night, I dream at day, I dream all day; I'm dreaming for living.
You can see the whole entire world in the eyes of a person who knows how to simply stand there and take all of it into him but then you can look into the eyes of someone else and the whole entire world goes away and all that's left is you.
You're only human. You live once and life is wonderful so eat the damn red velvet cupcake!
No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.
I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me want to dream.
The Futures Bright, Wear Your Sunglasses
Even when muddy your wings sparkle bright wonders that heal broken worlds.
Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.
To live without philosophizing is in truth the same as keeping the eyes closed without attempting to open them.
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.
Celebrate who you are in your deepest heart. Love yourself and the world will love you.
See beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!
...don't judge your future based on others' mistakes.
Mga bata pa kayo. Pag pinaniwalaan namin kayong hindi kayo naglaro ng tubig kahit na basang-basa ang mga damit ninyo, kayo ang niloloko namin. Hindi kayo ang nakakapanloko.
A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.
Self love is the elixir of an immortal heart.
To be immortal and then die
Some stories wait their turn to be told, others just tap you on the shoulder and insist you tell them.
Never limit your view of life by any past experience.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.
I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.
Your success and happiness lie in you.
The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.
It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.
The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.
It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.
Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.
A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would
It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.
Life will just not wait for us to live it:We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live
When there are many worldsyou can choose the oneyou walk into each day.
By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.
In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.
The only thing that will ever make me fall in love is: if I fall in love.
Orang-orang itu telah melupakan bahwa belajar tidaklah melulu untuk mengejar dan membuktikan sesuatu, namun belajar itu sendiri, adalah perayaan dan penghargaan pada diri sendiri. (hlm. 197)
You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.
Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.
People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones.
Kindness can transform someone's dark moment with a blaze of light. You'll never know how much your caring matters. Make a difference for another today.
Never lose hope, and if you can, find the courage to love again.
The Fact That You Have The Ability To Stand On Stage And Sing While You're Crying Is So Brave.
Sometimes I wore smiles but didn't feel them. Sometimes I felt them and didn't wear them. I didn't want her to know how much I craved this. I bit my bottom lip.
One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
we attract what is happening in our lives
What if it becomes less about how we look and more about how much we care? What if it becomes less about how much money we earn and more about how much we share our good fortune? Imagine a world where who we are in our hearts is the ultimate status symbol.
Ye'll never best your fears until ye face them
You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst...And I will definitely give you mine.
His life was gentle; and the elementsSo mixed in him, that Nature might stand upAnd say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!
A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king.
Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.
Hard work is only a prison sentence when you lack motivation
Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.
I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!
Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.
I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.
When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.
Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.
Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.
Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.
To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says:"Leave no stone unturned.
There's only one truth!
I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?
But that was two years ago. She wasn't sexy to me anymore. Now she was lethal.
I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.
Let no feeling of discouragement preyupon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.
Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences - increases your self-esteem - boosts confidence in your ability to decisions - and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.
It's the hard things that break; soft things don't break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it's the soft things that can't break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don't come from comfort zones.
If you can't enjoy what you have, you can't enjoy more of it.
The beginning is always NOW.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
There's nothing you can't do if you want it bad enough.
I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.
Sometimes the hardest one to see . . .is the one standing right before you.
Unconditional love is the greatest gift we can ever give.
One woman filled with self love and self acceptance is a model more super than any cover girl.
Your dreams are worth it. Persevere. Your focus is your power. Harness it.
The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much
There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
Bring up the past only if it will help to build the future, otherwise its best to be left to sleep
Whereever you end up;" Jack whispered into my ear."I wish you clear skies. Always
When something can be read without effort, great effort has gone into its writing.
It is not needful for our dreams to be very grand nor very big. It is only needful for our dreams to be very shiny.
It dawns on you one day... how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you're thinking, My life is precious and you're not allowed to hurt me.
I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you're doing and everything you've done is the way it's supposed to be.
Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.
Dig deep and empower yourself today. Stand in your inner strength. Be uniquely you.
Happiness is a choice. Peace is a state of mind. Both are free!
It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.
Celebrate true friends. They are a part of you that always sparkles.
At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.
Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
New day, new hopes, new life!!
A fool's mind is at the mercy of his tongue and a wise man's tongue is under the control ofhis mind.
Rewards await you if you stay steadfast in your faith.
The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.
An empowered heart is one filled with self love.
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
Being ready is everything.
Having the life of your dreams is simple: make conscious choices.
A child's giggle is worth one hundred pounds of gold.
A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.
IF YOU CHOKE YOUR POTENTIAL BEFORE IT HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME A POSSIBILITY YOU WILL NEVER REACH YOUR DESTINY
One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.
The jump is so frightening between where I am and where I want to be... because of all I may become I will close my eyes and leap!
There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
I enjoy growing older and wiser and learning from my mistakes every single day.
I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.
Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.
Share, care, hug like a bear.
I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!
Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up
Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others.
Daily love and kindness are the path to a happy life.
Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.
Generosity is to help a deserving person without his request, and if you help him after hisrequest, then it is either out of self-respect or to avoid rebuke.
Soccer forces life to move on. There's always a new match. A new season. There's always a dream that everything can get better. It's a game of wonders.
to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running
no man is free until he s a master of himself!!
The most adventurous journey to embark on; is the journey to yourself, the most exciting thing to discover; is who you really are, the most treasured pieces that you can find; are all the pieces of you, the most special portrait you can recognize; is the portrait of your soul.
Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell
The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you'll be in all areas of life.
Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!
When life takes away, something of greater value is always given in return.
If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?
Prolong not the pastInvite not the futureDo not alter your innate wakefulnessFear not appearancesThere in nothing more than this
Success seems to be largely a matterof hanging on after others have let go.
Just go with it', he thought. 'You won't figure out anything if you give in to fear'.
Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.
Taking personal accountability is a beautiful thing because it gives us complete control of our destinies.
Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.
Life is a mystery to be lived not a problem to be solved
Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.
Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.
Best friends are treasures. Hug them for their caring. Applaud their accomplishments. Laugh with them gratefully.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.
So long as fortune is favouring you, your defects will remain covered.
I never trust frank and simple people whose stories hold together.
You opinions about me does not change who I am.
We can give our children only two things in life which are essential. Strong roots and powerful wings. Then they may fly anywhere and live independently. Of all the luxuries in life, the greatest luxury is getting freedom of the right kind.
Each moment, each person, is sacred and worthy of respect- especially you.
Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!
At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we've touched.
If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.
You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding.
we are not leaving anyone behind we have to stick togheter in order to stay safe.
Be uniquely you. Stand out. Shine. Be colorful. The world needs your prismatic soul!
~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~
Write the book you want to read
I am the best person in the universe.
It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous
When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)
Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.
The coward says in his heart There is no love. Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.
One of the most beneficial and valuable gifts we can give to ourselves in this life: is allowing ourselves to be surprised! It is okay if life surprises you. Its a good thing!
To buy a cake... to howl at the moon... to know true happiness... I am happy.
If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness
A good idea always attracts other good ideas.
Darkness cannot survive in light, but a light can shine in the dark!
If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.
If everyone could be a successful and rich author, there would be no point in working so hard. Where is the fun in that?
Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!
Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Love is the opposite of fear and it lights the flames of a million hearts.
A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.
Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you'll be happier.
If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.
You can't understand where someone's going unless you understand where they've been.
A wise man first thinks and then speaks and a fool speaks first and then thinks.
I'm not going to die because I failed as someone else. I'm going to succeed as myself.
Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.
Am I getting braver, or just getting accustomed to being terrified?
Laughter is good for both the body and the soul.
We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.
Hatred is a louder exhibition of inability.
Anger was the indulgence of a child, not a queen.
Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this. Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this.
Joy is the fountain of youth.
Live joy. Be kind. Love unconditionally.
The elimination diet:Remove anger, regret, resentment, guilt, blame, and worry.Then watch your health, and life, improve.
Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.
But we were different now. I wanted only his pain, and judging from the girl he'd come home with last night, Madoc was still the same. A user.
Sometimes an angel is found in the dark.
Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break:1. Stop stressing2. Stop worrying3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down4. Lighten up5. Forgive yourself6. Forgive others
Its never to late to get back on your feet though we wont live forever make sure you accomplish what you were put here for
With my ninth mind I resurrect my firstand dance slow to the music of my soul made new.
Marmee: Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary life? You're ready to go out and - and find a good use for your talent. Tho' I don't know what I shall do without my Jo. Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.
You think that it's not magic that keeps you alive? Just 'cause you understand the mechanics of how something works, doesn't make it any less of a miracle. Which is just another word for magic. We're all kept alive by magic, Sookie. My magic's just a little different from yours, that's all.
Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.
When you treat your failures as lessons, you can never fail.
Believe in your greatness. Because what you believe is what you become.
Life is not measured by what you have. It's measured by what you give.
Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!
If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.
Enchantment lies in everyday moments if you are observant.
Everything in this world happens with a purpose. You are born in this world with a purpose, you are chosen by purpose.
Thank people who help you because they make you happy. Thank people who don't help you because they make you strong.
When you have power and use it for destructive purpose: you don't deserve it.
When it's possible for you to dream, it's not impossible to achieve.
Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Don't come back when you realize that I'm rare
Kindness and caring are ambrosia for the soul.
Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!
Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
You have not failed until you accept your failure.
Don't care about success or failure. Keep doing what you love. Success will follow.
Women united can create movements. We can empower entire generations. We can build peace one action at a time. Together we rise. The time is now.
Dance through life flinging kindness like shimmering rainbows. Find your bliss by sharing your heart.
Failure is the greatest teacher.
Where are you?" he asked. "I'm right here" she said. "I know, but it feels like one percent of you is somewhere else, where is that one percent?" he said. "I don't know....I think I'm always like that..." she answered. "I like that." "You do?" "Yes, because that way, I have to always look for the one percent to find it.
Love for yourself is the key to loving other. Love begins with you.
Many things that don't really mean so much of anything, are wonderful.
Life doesn't come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't have bridges.
The thing about life is, you've got to somehow make it through the day. Don't wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she's on her way. And she's coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she's beautiful.
When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.
Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.
Sometimes the only reason for us to be somewhere else is to see things from a different perspective.
Chaos is another name for opportunity
Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!
We all take a different path to the same place. Why we took the path we did will always be a mystery.
Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you'll make your mark.
Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking
Bring forward what is true. Write it so that it is clear. Defend it to your last breath.
When we embrace who we are the world embraces us right back.
The power of love can spread magic to the world like nothing else.
Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.
Being able to write becomes a kind of shield, a way of hiding, a way of too instantly transforming pain into honey.
There will be haters, there will be doubters, there will be non-believers, and then there will be you proving them wrong.
Let us each take up our flaming torches and mount as the blazing fireballs of light that we are and let's burn the skies and leave it with deep scars and let them be our signatures upon eternity as we go forth!
Everyone who got to where they are had to begin where they were.
The greatest thing you will ever give to the world is your committment to leave what you find in better condition than the way you found it. Leave a single light in a place where there was once darkness so those coming behind you may see further and begin where you left.
Pray for "all men." We usually pray more for things than we do for men. Our prayers should be thrown across their pathway as they rush in their downward course to a lost eternity.
YOU are your own guru. YOU are your own soul mate. YOU are powerful. Take the reigns and drive your carriage home to love.
Sometimes being happy takes effort. Invest time and energy in yourself and your happiness.
Choosing kindness is the ultimate expression of evolved consciousness. Grow by being kind.
If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don't come from comfort zones.
You are limitless! Accept this truth and soar to infinity.
It takes drive and focus to move from potential to reality.
A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.
The secret ingredients to true happiness? Decisive optimism and personal responsibility.
A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.
Caring is what matters, not stuff or status, just people sharing kindness & joy in a web of the heart that spans the globe.
Swirl into joy today by sharing your caring with the world. Be a pillar of positivity.
Soul mate romance dissolves the superficial and touches your deepest heart with the delightful power of love.
Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.
YOU are the magic code that unlocks your happiness.
We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.
Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.
No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.
Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.
Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new.
We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!
The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.
As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I've learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.
Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.
Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.
We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.
You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.
Always have something to look forward to
People do not meet by chance--they navigate their lives to certain people for certain reasons.
The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.
I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.
No one of real intelligence will accept anything just because some authority declares it be so. Don't accept the truth of anything you have not confirmed for yourself.
A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions. A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts. A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.
No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.
You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become something
H is for Habit, winners make a habit of doing the things losers don't want to do.
Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.
So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else" (20).
It takes writing a billion bad words before you get to the good ones.
Facts? What are facts? I only know imagination!
I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.
I believe in miracles.... I have to.
Opportunities? They are all around us ... There is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.
I like to set my dreams high. That way, even if I only make it half way there, it's still pretty darned good.
Once you discover that you can, you must.
Each day is a giftTo embrace and welcome
Judging is the cause that creates the effect of choosing.
Persistance is the quality of winners. Successful people never never give up
The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.
Commitment mixed with drive and sprinkled with imagination creates sustained results. Stay focused and you will make your mark!
Inspiration is sometimes as simple as a shared smile.
Laughter is the divine effervescing.
Spread kindness, caring, and compassion and create your own paradise. Infuse it with joy and you've created heaven on earth.
Being present to yourself in love and with kindness is the ultimate gift.
...and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.
My story was not the story of a girl's broken dreams: it was the story of a girl who couldn't be broken.
A child has a deep longing to discover that the World is based on Truth. Respect that longing. In our attempt to help children grow into Inspired Adults, we wish them to carry the Youthfulness of their Souls, and the Wonders of Childhood into their old age.'Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids and world based on truth
Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.
Fallon affected my body in weird ways. But only because she's different, I told myself.
Forever friends are a treasure chest of understanding and compassion. Cherish them.
Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.
Life provides chances to open your heart all the time.
An item is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it
Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Your healthy love for yourself is sexy!
No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.
Your heart is a powerful force. Use it consciously.
When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe. your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding
Set goals that make your heart sing. Then achieving them is an experience of uplifting joy.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue what you want.
Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.
A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this., New York Times, April 19, 1992]
The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.
Nothing lasts forever. But the thing is, you can reuse some. Use your mind. - Leo's Mother, The Lost Hero
Never mourn the loss of innocence, because it always brings the much greater gain of wisdom.
I want to dream a dream so wonderful that I'll wake up sorry that it wasn't a memory.
I do not regret one moment of my life.
The first step to success it's to imagine it
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain.- Vivian Greene
Success always hugs you in private,but failure slaps you in the public...
Thought I wanted overnight success, until I achieved it through hard work and the refusal to back down! What you earn, you keep.
Even though your life is Rainy and muggy you can fight through it just Make sure you know what is happening And make sure you don't take to much pressure on it just shake it off!
This is heaven my child.
Never put off for tomorrow what is meant for today...tomorrow may never come.
If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that... there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.
I had always felt life first as a story: and if there is a story there is a story-teller
What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.
It's not whether your glass is empty or full, it's what you do with it that really matters.
Just do it! First you make your habits, then your habits make you!
It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.
It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it...
Anak muda adalah kegelisahan derap langkahnya adalah perubahan.
Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.
True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery
When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams-you can find true happiness!
Do what you love or die a slow death doing what you hate
Tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.
Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.
Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!
I don't want to freeze my eggs. I don't want to visit a sperm bank. I don't want to be a single parent, if I have any choice in the matter. I want a nuclear family. I want to put down roots, to let my seeds germinate, to watch them bloom and flourish. Not one day, if and when I ever fall in love again, but now. While I still have my youth, damn it.
Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.
All things are possible if you believe...
Write because you love to write.
A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.
Friendship happens when the distance between the hearts tends to zero.
Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart.
Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget that you are human.
To 'let go' sometimes makes us feel like losers because it means giving up what truly we felt we had a right to. But true strength lies in resisting the urge to hold onto things and people that bring us down.
The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.
Love drips like honey from the hive, constant, sweet, precious, into your heart each and every moment if you let it.
waktu kita di bumi ini sakral adanya, dan kita seharusnya merayakan setiap detiknya
Simbol, huruf dan angka adalah alat, sedangkan gagasan adalah roh sebuah tulisan.
Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!
As architect of your reality, you are empowered to create it as you choose.
Learn from stars; even in the dark they give off light, not despair.
Nurturing a feeling makes it proliferate. Choose wisely. Joy, kindness, love, & caring will illuminate your life.
Happiness is a collection of joyful experiences shared with soul friends. Get together and have some fun!
We can accept and embrace our pasts as part of the path that shaped who we are now.
A fish that is afraid of drowning in a river is ignorant of its gifts.
Bringing joy to another lights a thousand suns within.
Stop thinking of yourself as a victim. You were a target that is now no longer being hit.
It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.
Change your attitude and you change your life. You cannot control what happens to you in your life, but you can always control how you respond to it. The way you choose to respond is a reflection of your attitude. By changing your attitude, you also change your perspective and change your life.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Connecting our hearts through love yields a nectar so sweet we are forever full.
True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.
Love yourself deeply and be satisfied with the amazing life you create.
Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.
You don't have the right to complain about your life if you're not willing to change it
Heart-flow means listening to your intuition and hunches and following your heart. How can you let your heart lead today?
An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.
Self-acceptance is pure power.
The more you learn, the more you want to learn.
Truth even in the most whispered tones will always roar.
Giving thanks fills you with light and joy so you can shine like the bright star you truly are.
Transcendent, magical romance happens when you're one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.
As for methods of prayer, all are good, as long as they are sincere.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
You must embrace change before change erases you.
Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.
Don't judge your success by what people think of you. You are your own success.Your determination and perserverence is what matters.
Dream big and never give up on those dreams. Who knows where they'll take you?
At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it's just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers
Take the first step. No more, no less, and the next will be revealed.
Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.
I am the only force strong enough to stop me.
. e mult mai nobil sa ramai lucid oricat te-ar coplesi viata, esti totdeauna mai putin om cand te imbeti, indiferent cum, si daca fuga de realitate nu-i chiar o decadere, ramane totusi o infrangere.
Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right.""If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.
Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.
Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.
Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you
The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.
A persons limitations are only measured by their drive to succeed
The task of modern man is not to find his inner self, but to create himself.
Live your life as a curious student and you will discover how fascinating it is.
life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.
The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.
Because I lay with him. I've caught a glimpse of heaven. Or I understand what I need. Or I have the courage to be myself.
Fear is a probability by its own cause of actions, if we live by it we lose all the possibilities of endurance
 Length of a straight line is determined by the two tiny dots on both ends 
But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.
We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element
Anybody can make the simple complecated. Creativity is making the complecated simple.
If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.
For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do-reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear-challenge everything she thought she believed. Highlighted by 24 Kindle users
...You mistake other people's success as your own failure...
If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.
You can't test courage cautiously. (Annie Dillard)
make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton
Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.
I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,-that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.
A drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring.
Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no Other. There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.
fight for what you believe in,for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.
Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.
Librarians are tour-guides for all of knowledge.
Those that yield are not always weak
a hero is just somebody who does the right thing when it would be far, far easier to do nothing.-Cedric Diggory-
I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.
S is for SCARY! Fear is driven out by action! Bad habits are overcome by good habits.
Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?
Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.
I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.
When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.
More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.
It is the road you take that decides your destiny and not your destiny that decides the road you take.
love yourself,.,.,.,for the sake of  your better future
Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.
Z is for Zany! Master the Zany habit of thinking backwards. it will help you become a really great thinker!
Don't tawch meh matherfawker!
X is for X-mas Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket, then all your Christmases can come at once!
The day of perfection is not scheduled on earth.
To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.
Feeling guilty does not set us free. Being equipped sets us free.
word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future
Live well, Laugh often, Love much.
Transient guests are we.
For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.
Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.
Genius is the power of lighting one's own fire!
...the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.
Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.
It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.
The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.
Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.
Every act of goodness is born from our desire to be happy.
Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.
A diamond earns its sparkle from the pressure it endures.
Moments caught in time. Simple memories spread out before me. Timeless reminders of how life goes on, even when it feels as if you cannot.
If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.
We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.
Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.
Start small and keep going.
Turn obstacles into opportunities and problems into possibilities.
Every day send some blessings to the world. Let there be flow of love
Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.
The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.
Those who win never give up.Those who give up never win.
Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens - constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities - and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one's daily life - it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Everyday gratitude sweetens what appears flavorless and brightens all that appears dim.
Be the person that will take the first step towards personal success. You will be remembered for it.
Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.
Only number 1 is unique, rest is just numbers,fight to be no.1
Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.
Making time to experience joy is the single most important thing you can do to heal your heart.
Be the positive impact on someone's life.
When you give your mind, body, and heart the message that you are worth the effort of being conscious, miraculous things start to happen.
Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.
Interconnection permeates the entire universe. We are all one.
What are five things you are grateful for? Right now? Open to gratitude and you will soften into joy.
Loving yourself is required for authentic relationships.
An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.
Creativity flows when the mind is light. Be light and ignite your imagination.
We are entirely made up of dreams yearning to be lived. At every point in time, DO what you can, when you can and however you can to invest your time and efforts in your dreams; directly and without evasion.
Be your own limited edition.
Success is the relentless pursuit of joy.
There is nothing so convincing as a thing well done.
Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.
It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.
Deal with your past so that it won't affect your future.
The creative mind seeks chance and accident while everyone else seeks control and order. Rod Judkins 'Change Your Mind
Follow your heart. Then root its longing with the facts.
Don't worry about the negative people may say about you. Learn from it and move on.
Listen within to find shining poetry and hear extraordinary music. You are a work of art.
If you want to change the world,learn to change yourself first.
Thanksgiving is a joyous invitation to shower the world with love and gratitude.
Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.
Peace begins when expectations end.
You know what's just as powerful as a good cup of coffee in the morning? Starting your day with some good, loving thoughts. It can change how your whole day unfolds.
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
Life gave me lemons, then I met you and you had Vodka. Now my life is a party.
Enjoy every day and make each day great
Do not wait for life. Do not long for it. Be aware, always and at every moment, that the miracle is in the here and now.
Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver.For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of set standards...!
When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.
Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...
The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE
Nothing Comes Home...You Have To Get OUT & Get IT~!
A sense of the divine presence and indwelling bears the soul towards heaven as upon the wings of eagles.
Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase This was a BAD PHASE of life..
Patience Pays..Is true! But the greater truth is that it takes advance payment before it pays you in return!
A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.
Every comforting word is a command from a man of action...While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words...
All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!
The two toughest lessons to learn In life are LET GO & LETs GO..!
Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-'H' OUT of your lifeH - HarassH - HamperH - HurtH - HarmH - HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!
Let All Your Life's Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!
The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story
IT's All In The Game Of Mind.
A whetstone, though it cannot cut, may sharpen a knife that will.
I promise.For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote:To think and try not to over think.To breathe, but not hyperventilate.To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst.To call you when I'm in trouble.To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.
life is worth living when you have someone to share it with ..
A Controlled Mind Can Create All That It Words...!
Ninety percent of everything you believe you can achieve in life you will.
Never worry a bit in Life. Always be full of merriment.
 A man is only as rich as the people around him 
True success cannot be achieved until you have experienced failure
Having the best doesn't make you the best but producing the best makes you the best
Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.
I NAME THIS LAND TOMORROW, FOR IT SHALL LAST FOREVERMORE!
I love words. I crave descriptions that overwhelm my imagination with vivid detail. I dwell on phrases that make my heart thrum. I cherish expressions that pierce my emotions and force the tears to spill over.  In essence, I long for a writer's soul sealed in ink on the page.
But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.
When dreams become words to share with others - amazing things can happen.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him; The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones
You never leave your partner! Especially in a fire!
The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck
The best way to solve a problem is to prevent it.
The world should have been in Technicolour, but seemed more like black and white.
Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.
If you're lost and aloneOr you're sinking like a stoneCarry on...May your past be the soundOf your feet upon the groundCarry on
Always set small, realistic goals that you know you can achieve first. But don't give up on the bigger ones that may seem too far from your reach.
Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!" (p. 127)
Love cannot be hidden. It even shines in the darkest places." ~ Carla Olson Gade, The Shadow Catcher's Daughter
Life is short,Live it long
Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born.
The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!
You're never losing when you're learning !
Nervousness kill us... because we think we have only one opportunity that is in the Present and we don't think about the future! We loose our balance.
Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.
What you believe you can receive if you doubt it you will do without it.
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony determined by another.
Last night at Bingo, Sylvia won the last prize. 'What am I going to do with a mermaid?" "Learn to swim in the murkiest water, reinvent yourself," the mermaid said #149
Ah, yes, choice. I chose to let my ghosts stay in past. Past is history you know. Living is now. I sat. I breathed. I let past go. I let future go. I am. That is all.
The tricky part about discovering our giftedness is that it may be in an area that feels unexpected.
When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.
she was lucky if he stood behind her. Not so lucky if he came to crush her. And a woman might only learn the truth of it-when he walked out of her life. Highlighted by 9 Kindle users
No one in this world can change your habits, but only you can..... so, MOst powerfull person of this world is you..!..........keep that in your mind!
Do not blame your parents for not working hard enough to birth you with silver spoon in your mouth because tomorrow you will be a parent and your children will in turn blame you for not giving birth to them with the desired silver spoon.
A champion is someone ho gets up, een when he can't
Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.
Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.
After Every Storm There Is A Rainbow
the holiest place on earth is where an ancient hatred has become apresent love.
Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.
you are you when you are true
Not doing harder than doing.
Each of us has a vulnerability like Edmund's that Satan is eager to exploit. It may be something addictive like drugs or alcohol, or it may be something seemingly harmless and perhaps even good like food, friendship, or work.
Denying yourself a life of personal freedom is denying yourself of a life worth living.
I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!
What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind-then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be.
The tide was a poem that only time could create, and I watched it stream and brim and makes its steady dash homeward, to the ocean.
When all is said and done all anyone has left is their integrity at their core... Don't give that away too.
Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.
Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.
Be the Light you seek so desperately in your life and chase away that darkness.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You have to set yourself on fire.
Go where your nose leads you
If you buy an egg thinking it's a goose's egg, and when it hatches it is actually a bird of paradise; no manner of convincing and reproach will turn the bird of paradise into a goose. Even if you make it go to goose church and goose school and eat goose feeds and only hang out with geese! In the end, it will still belong to paradise.
I used to fear things like not having enough alcohol and drugs, or the money to get them. Now I fear someone holding me down and physically forcing me to take drugs and drink alcohol. I fear that for some reason I wouldn't be allowed or wouldn't be able to read anymore.
Only something extremely dire and disabling will ever stop a real writer from writing. Retirement is never an option.
decision is of the mind not of the mouth also determination is of the heart not of the head- Golden Life Foundation
[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.
All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.
We're never called on to do what hurts. We just do what hurts out of ignorance and habit. Once we see what we're doing, we can stop.
Remember that a wish held fervently turns into belief, and a belief held diligently becomes reality.
He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.
We've all received our share of good fortune, so that's my definition of much. A single blessing is all the bounty in the world, and if you've been blessed at all you're meant to pass some of that on. You're meant to set a positive example. That's our responsibility" (20) - Denzel Washington, "So that We Might Follow
The Yorubas have a saying, here, my translation in English--a poor fool is a bigger fool rich. In other words, money only allows and enables you to be more of who you are. My bigger translation? You don't jump essence, you jump environs!
Freedom is in the Now
The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.
Don't let anyone set restrictions on your life...You chart the course of your own future, not anyone else. Don't let people have such a power over you. Because if you're always racing against their standards, then what's the point of reaching a useless finish line?
 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' 
Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it ... makes me happy.
Que as nossas palavras ressoem para sempre pela eternidade e que nunca sejam esquecidas. Se por ventura se perderem perdidos estaremos.
Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.
dont aom for success if u want it just do what u love n believe in and it wil come naturaly.
It is through imagination that we transcend understanding and travel into the world of possibilities.
Awak HEBAT! Buktikan & tonjolkan KEHEBATAN Awak .. =)
A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.
Why can you see the stars at night, but not the light...
There's a very positive relationship between people's ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it.
To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity, and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.
Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition."Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.
The rainbow is the pot of gold to those who observe.
I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.
When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.
The greatest book ever composed was marked at one point unconventional. Also it was marked difficult to read, especially in its original format. Yet that book has saved countless lives including mine, and that book, I'm referring to is still saving countless lives today... Think about that when others mention flaws about your work.
As we become the light, the light is lifted in every room that we enter.
I deem myself as intellectual and analytical as much as I can but still never miss the chance to goof around and joke about anything but I never laugh at nobody. Good humor is about laughing with not about laughing at.
The greatest book ever composed was marked at one point unconventional. Also it was marked difficult to read and comprehend, especially in its original format. Yet that book has saved countless lives including mine, and still saves lives today... Think about that when others mention flaws about your work.
Hate creates a darkness in your soul. You can't shine until you let it go.
Ordinary people never win.
The Universe delivers to you the vibrational essence of your desire. So be sure you are leaning into that which you desire and not hyperfocusing -- i.e. vibrating/attracting -- on that which you do not desire.
To my fellow authors heed these words with much importance, " It is redundant for a true writer to sell their soul for literary fame, since the soul is a writer's inner voice...
Postpone facing a fear and it's sure to grow bigger with each passing day
It's time to have and enjoy magical moments in life, reposition yourself so magic happens.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
We have a lot of opportunities in life but we don't know how to gain it. Even sadness is an another opportunity to face a new beginning of our life. We need to be sad to know the value of happiness.
Poetry Saved Me
You can coddle your rage, or you can fully engage.
A good loneliness is better than a bad friendship.
Everything you are now seemed impossible at some point in your life.
It is in the storm, not the calm, that a rainbow is born.
Every single one of us is born with a unique and perfect set of tools which enable us to affect the world in an awesome and profound way. Unfortunately, most people do not open their toolbox.
A determined seed cannot be hidden from the world, not even by dirt.
You cannot put me downYou shall not clothe me with a frownYou certainly won't transform me into a clownNor turn my clear black and white into indecisive brownMy aspirations, my dreams, my future, you shall not drownNeither can you drive me into mad townI'm unshakable
You may be a poet and not even know it.
You must know in what way you are going to use the morphology and syntax to build your 'how
I am not the girl I once was, and that is okay. I am a new woman, because this is a new world, and I will do what I must for the people I love...Nothing is perfect, but we have a chance now. We have hope, and that is all I ever asked for.
Find someone who will love your soul more than your body.
True life Is Life Of emptiness and focused.
When you are on your path, and it is truly your path, doors will open for you where there were no doors for someone else.
Calm skies don't make skillful eagles.
If you cry in the rain, only the sky will see your tears.
Birds keep singing beautiful songs, even if they have no audience.
Today's storms help you appreciate tomorrow's sunshine.
When you feel you have limited or no freedom. whether in business, personal or spiritual pursuits.It's time to begin exploring other options and choices out there. You always have options and choices in life.
You can, you will. You did.
PRACTICE MAKES THE HARD THINGS EASY
Playing the victim is like surrendering to self-imprisonment.
Being Creative is not a hobbie, it's a way of life!
The truth is as truth shall be,We come with our own destiny.
Vanity degrades your soul whereas modesty strengthen it
People who are hypocritical pretenders traitors, liars and fakers Will cause meaningful relationships to become meaningless
She slept a dreamless sleep free of dragons for she had slain them once again
Every brick being thrown at me I will use to build my Empire!
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes.
In darkness, some flowers blossom!
Train the ears to hear more, the eyes to see more, the hands to do more, the feet to accomplish more, the mind to think more, the heart to feel more, and the soul to love more.
No tragedies here, Roar. This world will make you a victim every chance it gets. Don't let it.
If you have shed a thousand tears, expect a thousand blessings.
Unknowns in life are adventures, avoid calling them fears.
A Beautiful verse takes birth when "U"n"I" VERSE.
The greatest gift you can open is your arms to someone in need.
To stop oppression, you will first end the tyranny of the oppressors.
If you are truly looking for purpose,Something to verify your self-worth.Then give yourself to some cause,some greatness in which the only return, is knowing that your deeds have become to someone, a gift that is too good to believe
Good is good in the final hour, in the deepest pit - without hope, without witness, without reward. Virtue is only virtue in extremis.
Believe it and you can be it!
Smile :-) Don't wear a crown of frown.
She holds secretsthat would break spinesyet she carries them so well.
Stopbreaking yourself into piecesto make yourself fit.
You may not necessarily succeed If you try but you will always fail If you don't.
Committing suicide is like stepping off the rollar coaster, once you are on, dont you wait till it ends? no matter what it does to you
.We feel different things. We like different things. It's like they say with books, no two people ever read the same book. It's the same with music, yo.
Change your thoughtsChange your demeanor
It's just as important to be around people that influence stable mental health as it is working towards it.
If a stone hits a river, the river will treat it as yet another commotion in its already tumultuous course. Nothing unusual. Nothing unmanageable. If a stone hits a lake, however, the lake will never be the same again.
I know I am brave because the thought of giving up scares me more than the thought of fighting
I am defined not just by what you see, but by the potential within me, the possibilities I represent
Forcing yourself into peace is indeed stressful so do not stress yourself to run behind peace, Go through each n every stress with peace.
LIFE IS LIKE ELECTRICITY, ANYONE CAN SHOCK YOU
Your are where you desire to live.
Don't be sidetracked by one setback along a path of gifts and blessings
All the love, learning and opportunities that you seek come from being open to life not being closed throughout it.
While there may be many things in life you wish to harvest not every seed you plant will grow.
You may not need to do it all, design it all or direct it all. But when it comes to making things you want to happen to happen you may well have to inspire and drive it all.
The mark of a great leader is not, only, one that found the courage to believe in themselves, but one, that was able to motivate others to take a look inward, and do the same.
When life asks you a question, you learn. When you ask a question from life, you cry.
Keep your feet firmly planted on the ground...don't let your ego run out of control and convince you that you are better than anyone else
Never abandon your personal message. No matter what comes your way, remain dedicated to that which you hold close to your heart
A flower that refuses to bloom robs the world of its beauty.
The gift of faith causes a person to be bold and courageous, speaking things that be not as though they were, it is shameless and persistent it alway get results....
Success is not an event, it is the by product of the activities that transpired before engagement....
A progressive life style demands that one; takes full reigns over their life, not leaving anything to chance....
The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, then the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.
Gun for sure is louder than a Pen, bullet is hotter than Ink, but Death is not a silencer for Pen.
Dear Marie Tussaud,Fake people are everywhere, you do not have to waste wax creating them
One kind deed is more beautiful than a thousand good intentions.
Throwing dirt at a diamond does not diminish its value.
A heart of gold is more precious than a necklace of diamonds.
For a happy and health life, get the answers to these questions in this order: Where, Who, Why, What and How to be you.
Your life purpose is not just one thing, nor just what you love to do, nor a role, nor a legacy you leave. Your life purpose is who you are 24/7.
A caterpillar knows it's a butterfly, even if the whole world tries to convince it that it's just a worm.
Before defining what you want, know who you are.
Light is all a flower longs for, even when surrounded with priceless jewels.
Tears water the eyes when they have been dry for too long.
Stars cannot achieve their highest potential without the dark.
Dreams are achieved by blood, sweat, tears, and an iron-will!
The BEACH Success System is a process to be used over and over again. It's not a one-time exercise.
There's a way and a place for everyone to contribute to the greater good. Stop going no where fast and go "your where".
Who you were taught to be is not who you really are! How about learning to be you?
Where is the most important of the 5 W Questions. When you are in your "Where" you can fearlessly become "Who" you are to fully live "Why" you are here. Determine your "Where" then your "Who" then your "Why".
Stop making excuses and start doing what makes you profoundly happy!
A star is a rock that could no longer hide its light from the world.
A diamond's happy ending is on a crown, but its beauty was formed in dirt.
But you can't save people from the world.There's nowhere else to take them
No one could teach you to be you... until now!
Your real personality identity is not an option, it is the foundation for your happiness and health.
You are not one type, nor belong to one category. You are a unique blend of personality needs. Live your needs for total life fulfillment.
Learn to be You to be Free to be You!
Nourish your Nature. Be who you are meant to be.
What matters most is that you take the journey (of self awareness and transformation).
Whatever you do, be fierce, be fearless
And the fight for who we are,for who we hope to become,has only begun.
The bravest thing you will ever do is love again.
Soap, toothpaste and detergent are all "new and improved". Are you?
Learn to be You. Why follow in someone else's footprints?
Why settle for anything less than total life fulfillment. Start by filling yourself up with you!
So many celebrations have become empty because the meaning has changed. Find your meaning, to find yourself for a fulfilling life experience.
Get the kNACk of being you by getting the NAG out of you. Find out how in Chapter 5.
Think "Energy" before opening your mouth. Send out good vibes in every word you pronounce.
Your Life Purpose is a blend of your Core Personality Needs. Remember it, define it and refine it as you journey through life.
One Need activates hundreds of Desires. Find long lasting happiness and fulfillment by knowing your Personality Needs instead of following your desires.
You feel most fulfilled when your actions are filled with meaning. Find meaning to find yourself.
If you haven't though about quitting even once when working on your business, that business is not your real passion.
As long as we're breathing, we have a chance to start over and build a stable future.
Many of us are guilty of not taking enough time to dial into our inner child's voice.
It is better to win souls than to conquer nations.
Minat, bakat serta peluang jarang bertindan buat seseorang. Antara ketiga-tiga elemen ini, peluang paling payah hendak dikecapi. Maka, peluang harus menjadi faktor penentu dalam membuat keputusan.
As the Weaver, so is the Thread
Emotions can lead you to culmination of success sometimes it leads you to nadir of failure
Fall several times doesn't matter, how many times you stand up matters
bermimpilah setingginya. impian besar akan menghapus impian kecil..
In this life, we get broken fingers, torn knee ligaments, scars in the back of our heads, broken hearts, broken spirits... none of us make it into heaven without a limp. But the only thing we will truly regret, is not the pain we EXPERIENCED, but the pain we AVOIDED. Never settle for anything short of greatness!
Everything is alive if your viewpoint is lively.
Yet some there be that by due steps aspireTo lay their just hands on that golden keyThat opes the palace of Eternity.To such my errand is
The Teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Take a deep breath and start again. When things are not turning in your way, sometimes it is good to take a break and try it again because the life may sometimes offer a surprising chance which will be waiting for you.
Love is not about staring at each other, but staring off in the same direction.
Age is neither a limit nor an exception to realize your true potential or the way you want to live your life
Everyone comes into your life to give you something even if it might as if he/she is taking something from you.
The saddest day in the woods is when birds run out of happy songs to sing.
Occasionally all you need is a minute of courage to break into a world of opportunity.
Celebrate this moment because this moment is your life
The goal is to move the thinking that we do every day to the feeling that we often ignore and don't pay attention to.
If someone loves you they'll give you the world free of charge. If the whole world loves you, not even the richest man can compete with that. Love is true power.
If you try to extinguish the light of one who shines like the sun you will get burned.
Each time a flower blooms, the world is reminded that there is beauty in new beginnings.
Even the darkest cloud cannot obscure the brightest light.
The moon only dares compete with the stars when the sun is in its corner.
Be the light that inspires others to dream.
Do not resist the flow of your life because it's your destiny.
When you get more middle fingers than thumbs up, it's a progress.
A seed only realizes its potential the day you bury it.
Criticism addressed to a person can only be of benefit if it was said in the right way and at the right time.
Practice the L Trinity Live Love Laugh And Laugh some more
You are BLOSSOM!
This is BLOSSOM!
What if everyone knew what a flower could do?
Finding your purpose isn't enough. the challenge for our generation is creating a world where everyone has a sense of purpose.
99 percent people are searching future without deciding what they want? &1 percent are thinking why they did not do this.
You associate with living beings by frequenting their migrations. Yet your mind is liberated from all migrations. Just as the lotus, born of mud, is not tainted thereby, So the lotus of the Buddha preserves the realization of voidness.
It can be accepted that there is a price for man's work, time spent or service done, but never for human dignity.
We should always respect our teachers, because transforming children into knowledge-oriented young people is a precious and extremely difficult job.
Whenever they say I am outgoing, I say...We must have met on the dance floor
Ke manapun kau pergi, Tuhan ada. Dia perhati setiap gerakan. Dia dengar setiap keluhan. Dia bantu setiap kesulitan. Walaupun kau tinggalkan dia.
Sometimes, all we need is just one person who believes in us and who will never give up on us. Someone who sees beyond our weaknesses, beyond our faults. Who knows that though we walk in darkness, we can still find our way into the light.
Love will always be blind, but will never be deaf.
By forgiving others, you consciously cut ties with the negative energies that are binding you.
There are fears that are worth facing and there are fears that are not. You don't have to face all fears, only the ones that are relevant to you at that moment in time.
There is a very old saying that says, "Strike the iron when its hot". So start working on the idea when its young. The more you delay the execution of your idea, more will be your drop in enthusiasm and lesser will be your chances for its success.
Sometimes, good things that go wrong are like seeds. They have to be buried for something bigger and better to sprout out of them.
Thinking small is not humility.
Wanna beat the heatJust keep on rocking to the beat
People judge you by what they see outside of you, But don't let them judge you, because they never see what is inside of you.
Positive Thinking does not mean that you never fail, It simply means that you have the courage to try again until you succeed.
It is important that we learn to smile,Life will anyway teach us to cry!
Don't get discouraged by present hardships, They are the reason to your success in future."Easy Victory is less valued than a hard one".
There are a thousand reasons to blame others for your failure, but none of them will give you success, The only way to succeed in future is by taking responsibility of your present failure.
Murphy's Law states that,"If anything will go wrong, it will".Positive side of this law is,"If anything good can happen, it definitely will happen
Kita selalu jumpa orang baik-baik sewaktu mengembara, bukan sebab nasib kita baik. Tapi sebab Tuhan kasihan.
There is always space in my life for a unicorn.(i.e. fantasy)
There is always room in my life for a unicorn.(i.e. fantasy)
There's always room for a unicorn in my life.(i.e. fantasy and imagination)
The biggest of obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
The biggest obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
The zeal to live and the fire in my heart, is strong enough to burn away any obstacle that may come on my way. I love life too much to be suicidal.
Wherever you go, love goes also. - Sarah Rajkotwala
Fear takes you low, faith takes you high, but love takes you everywhere.
Stars don't beg the sky to shine.
A rose struggling in a desert is still braver than a flower flourishing in a rain forest.
Love has a certain element of tenderness, which alone pierces through the heart and binds us more intimately than any force in the universe ever can.
I am not the type that is trying to help add balance to your life by removing the balancein your savings account.
Authenticity and honestycan be awkward and uncomfortable.
Baby, I'm not afraid. I've been to hell and back. I'm a free spirit, a wild child and a renegade.
I call her Google because she got everything I have been searching for.
Sometimes we have spent so long in the cage that it feels safer to be trapped inside.
Liberty is about being free and is granted by laws and conventions and government permissions. Freedom is about feeling free, and the only permission you need for that is your own.
I am a Freedom Seeker and I choose to feel free.
I am a Freedom Seeker, willing and able to choose my own path.
I am a Freedom Seeker, committed to experiencing my life as my true self.
We aren't either afraid or brave, we're usually both.
Life is full of constant changes and learning to reinvent yourself throughout them.Why not start today reinventing yourself into becoming a better you!
I call her Google, Because she got everything I'm searching for
If we can save at least one child from hurting themselves and destorying their lives then I believe we can say...We did our jobs!
The deepest wounds of the soul are healed only by compassion... People do not merely need to be clothed, they need to be embraced with love. A love that enters into their own fears and frailty, a love that suffers with them and stays with them through their darkest hour.
With broken wings, I will learn to fly; because one way or another, I'm gonna live until I die.
You can choose to be pitiful or you can choose to be powerful, but you cannot at the same time, be both.
We long for authenticity, yet spend much time comparing and contrasting ourselves to others. We are each one special, unique and authentic in our own right. The only way to measure yourself is not against another, but by the Creators divine blueprint of you and you alone. Be yourself~ you are divinely different and unique!
Your present circumstances may seem limited, but you are never limited by your present circumstances.
The Lovely Knowing, your source of intuition and inspiration may not always be explainable, but it is always attainable!
Speak gently but look out for your rights.
Sometimes, you simply must give yourself permission to fall apart.
Genius is 10% talent and 90% hard work
I gave up many times but I never quit.
Faith...your hope in the unseenYou can't touch itYou can't see itYou can't smell itYou can't hear itYou can't taste itYou can't live without itO the weightless burden of faithKeeps us at our Father's feetPleadingly whispering... Abba, Abba, Abba...
Beware trying to iron out all your quirks, perceived flaws and doubts. It's often these things that help you find strength, compassion, empathy for others and heart.
I am not here to compete in the war of words, I am here to nurture the future of stories.
Fortify your mind, bullet proof your heart, strengthen your soul.
If all you ever focus on is the negative, then that's all you shall see ever see.
When I was born, the doctor slit my throat to see if I could talk.
Stand for something. Make your life mean something. Start where you are with what you have. You are enough.
Don't let past disappointments rob you of future happiness.
We are all born stars, but some refuse to shine and others make it their life's mission to glow.
Peace happens - It begins with me.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Tidak akan ada namanya kesuksesan, tanpa adanya suatu usaha. Keberuntungan adalah ketika kesempatan dan usaha saling bertemu
As a human race, we lost and we are still losing a lot of humanity in the process of progress
Kindness happens - It begins with me.
Oh Beautiful For A Land That's FreeWhere All Can CongregateTogether Live With No DegreeOf Bigotry And Hate
The most important key to bettering yourself - is just that "yourself" - (g swiss)
Art is an imagination, crafted over innocent dreams and vibrant integrity.
You are a lesson to your own life. You just need to turn the page.
Sometimes you get caught up in someone's energy. The energy surrounds you and restricts you, but your own energy is more stronger. You fight a long battle but your energy wins at the end and the other person's energy dissipates into tiny particles that you brush from your mind. You are finally free.
A life without problems is a life without choices.
Keep away from the kinship of the individuals who continually ask and examine the imperfections of others.
Storms are rainbow's inside out.
The 7 Steps to Transformation:1. Dream it.2. Envision it.3. Think it.4. Grow it.5. Become it.6. Live it.7. OWN it.
A star is a rock that could no longer hide its beauty from the world.
If you have something standing between you and your goals, don't wait for it to move... go around it.
Life changes us, with its twists and turns, in ways we don't always see coming. It changes what we want, what we dream, lays blessings in our hands better than anything we could've imagined.
Rainbows can't rise without storms.
The world would have no rainbows if the sky had not storms.
A single candle has the power to light up a room, a single star has the power to light up the sky, and a single soul has the power to light up the world.
If you want to fly, wear the wing of wisdom.
A flower must bloom inside first before revealing its beauty to the world.
Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you've said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person's mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don't be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!
There are no boundaries among the geese. How can you have boundaries if you fly?
Looking up at the stars only proves you admire them, but shining your light proves you are like them.
The road to success begins with knowing what you need to know and why
A good life is doing what you love as much as you can and doing what you must as much as you should
Always assume your assumptions about others are wrong. Because often, they are
Although sometimes the road to success follows a path less-travelled, a path less-travelled often leads to nowhere
Success is not a finite resource; share it, wish it on others, and celebrate others
Rough makes us tough.
Promise yourself to achieve lifestyle you've always dreamt of. and dare to achieve it!
Never focus on achieving your goals, focus on achieving the behaviors and beliefs that will help you achieve your goals
Light does not have to beg darkness to shine.
No target is 'easy or difficult' on its own, it depends on who you are, that makes the target look easy or difficult!!!!
When you have a kid in your house, it's time to learn rather than teach!!!
Muscle breakdowns are important for muscle growth and similarly, Life breakdowns are important for quantum Life growth
A life full of excuses is a life full of regrets
It's what you do every day that counts. Eating seven apples on Sunday won't keep the doctor away!
Change is inevitable; what matters is whether you spend more time in denial, acceptance or performance?
The agony of defeat is always greater than the pain of preparing for victory.
If you Fail, never Give Up because FAIL means First Attempt In Learning!End is not the End, it meansEffort Never Dies!If you get No as an answer; remember NOmeans Next Opportunity!
Never underestimate the latent power of nature. Often when she is most beautiful she is also most dangerous to those who fail to pay attention.
When I was poor, I was rich because I was happy; when I was wealthy, I was poor because I was sad.
As the sky is too big for two stars to clash, the world is big enough for all of us to shine.
It is impossible for darkness to reign in the presence of a star.
When you fall short of your goals and dreams ask yourself is it your mindset, perspective, expectations, effort, approach, acceptance, company or a blend of these that needs to change.
Champions realise that defeat - and learning from it even more than from winning - is part of the path to mastery.
How far we go to seek redemption, but in all these, have we really sacrificed enough to find our peaceful place?
Turn a bad past into a good future.
Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity replete with courage, conscience and compassion.
O my brave Almighty Human, with the ever-effulgent flow of courage, conscience and compassion, turn yourself into a vivacious humanizer, and start walking with bold footsteps while eliminating racism, terminating misogyny, destroying homophobia and all other primitiveness that have turned humanity into the most inhuman species on earth.
Sooner or later you will meet the person you are busy becoming and you'll either be celebrating or regretting base on the choices you making today.
The only way to know if you can ever grab hold of your dreams is to reach for them.
I have found that when you GENUINELY love what you do, time isn't a factor. As a matter of fact, time doesn't even exist.
Poetry has a mysterious way of illustrating the landscapes of life. One can't help but love its audacity to record the journey.
If size really mattered, a match wouldn't be able to set a forest on fire.
Planting and harvest don't happen in the same season
There is an economy in your mindThere is an economy in your mind!
Sow some good. The soil is ready. Your harvest is guaranteed.
The human mind is a magical labyrinth. It is a mystical universe within you, where everything eventually materializes. So be careful of what you put in it. For it is only your thoughts that can decide the possible from the impossible.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Seeing is not believing, it is only seeing,George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin
Love is like an ocean. You see just the beginning because there is no end.
Success is not a summit to climb, It is an equilibrium where work and life are balanced
The kingdom of nature has such a job, That can even make a goblin's heart throb, It's true, only a handful of people can see. They're the breath and life of the planet to be, And all this effort is done for a reason, To build energy that creates a plentiful season!The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Your real journey starts from the point when you realize that your life, ambition, success, dreams, achievements, future, everything is on your own.
Time makes you to run from it so,be quick at your decisions you decide
Walang matibay na relasyon kung buhay pa ang mga Kalapating mababa ang lipad...
Stars give so much to the world without demanding payment. Be likewise.
LOVE is the answer to everything! Seriously! Everything!The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
You haven't learned anything until you learn to learn everything.
Do not memorize the book! but appreciate what realization it will give it to you . . Like Math,the difficult one, it's not about the formula you've known but it's about the result that gives you and which makes value, "experiences, learnings that you should share to others"Takes pride!
I don't regret the things I done. I regret not doing things when I had the chance.
You know "HOW' then address it right now.
Always look at the message, not the messenger!The Little People, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
The only shores you will never reach in life are those you have allowed yourself to believe, were too far.
Those who believe in justice find silence too great a burden to carry.
Love is always reminding me that there is something else left to do
Sad story always end up with a happy ending. Wrong choices end up with a lesson as your tool in life.
What made me become what I am now is just a reflection of how you have made me.
Freedom seeking is the path to coming alive again.
Freedom is the willingness and ability to choose your own path and experience your life as your true self.
We all have the innate capacity to feel free.
If you can choose your way into a cage, you can choose your way out.
While you cannot always change your situation, you can always change the way you respond to it.
If the wind brushes against you, do not complain; it brushes against everyone.
You were not born to impress the world, but to impress the universe.
Managing your life by rumor is the worst thing you can do for yourself. Others are playing a childish game and trying to be the focus of attention. Some are trying to use assumptions to stir the pot and control the game for their own advantage. Don't allow either group to dictate your reactions!
If you can control your actions and reactions, you'll rule the day. The key for message is .. stay in balance, Mind/Body/Spirit and you will spend the day in celebration of abundance, friendship and joy.
Being a friend means knowing how to keep a confidence. Knowing when to be supportive and when to be quiet and show compassion. Sometimes saying nothing at all is the best thing you can do, because all that's really needed is a hug.
Prayer is the best way to hug those who are far away.
Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!Chepi, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
My head says forget it, my heart says I'll regret it, and what my stomach tells me, I should not ignore. Oh no, I gotta go, give me a leave, not your sleeve! I know this will cease, when I feel peace. So I will help a boy, come to Joy, a risk I shall take, it's no mistake, my stomach tells me so. Deetkatu, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them! Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
When you truly believe in the desires of your heart, they show themselves to you, creating a world you wish to see. When you believe in the bad things of your world, they also become visible, weighing on your heart, which makes peace hard to find. Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Whatever 'I AM,' you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are 'I AM' is what will be!Deetkatu, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don't look back, NOW choose to be happy!Deetkatu, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the little people.An Enchanting Adventure
When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.Deetkatu, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Sometimes humans just don't listen, they 'take' to fill a space that's missin'!Deetkatu, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
You mean to tell me that you have made a human friend? It could be dangerous and I must urge it to end! Deetkatu, where is your sense? Grampa's tone was abruptly tense.Grampa Foster, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.Gramma Tenanye, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Be mindful of the thoughts and emotions you put out, they will only project back to you like a boomerang, no doubt!Grampa Foster, See the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it.Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Grampa Foster always says that every single experience has something to teach us about ourselves. So don't expect to get too comfortable or you'll never learn a thing!Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Reach out and help others. If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. Be a vessel, be the change, be the difference, or be the inspiration. Shine your light as an example. The world needs more of that.
There is no greater prize than a quiet, peaceful mind.
The journey of the Freedom Seeker isn't always easy. But it is essential, and it is urgent, for it is the path to coming alive again.
Notice how extraordinary your life truly is. It's filled with love. Open your heart to it.
If you take society's definition of knowing oneself, you will become lost in the many translations.
Let your love for books grow, as your confidence grows too.
I am blessed out! I make time for joy every day. I commit to seeking healthy pleasure and reveling in it.
Having something is not always better than not having it.
It's dangerous to be grateful for the cage that traps you.
If you're trapped in a cage, you don't want to start being grateful for the protection of the bars. You need to be grateful that there are gaps in between them so you can see what's on the other side.
Escape is a process, not a pill.
You have the power to choose joyful living through your thoughts, actions, and choices.
People are capable at anytime in their lives,of doing what they dream of
All around the world, people are exuberantly laughing right now.
You have a nearly a 0% chance of affecting change in others attitudes, behaviors, and skullduggery. However, you have a 100% chance of affecting your own attitude, behavior, resiliency, and reaction to all things within your direct ability to shape the outcome.
Joy is all around me, and I celebrate it all.
It is perhaps, its ability to penetrate the multidimensional layers of the human condition at all, that makes poetry and art so valuable in today's modern age.
Don't dwell too long on the past, forgive and let it go. Too many hours have been wasted on old regrets and sorrow.
Wonder is all around us, when we know how to look. It's often in the simple spaces; a meadow, a stream, an unturned rock.
Love cannot be contained, love is destined to transcend and change.
What are we before love? But thoughts floating upon a sea. Searching for a shore to explore, to gaze into infinity.
You played my heart as it was meant to be played, a little, then all at once.
When we're together, I'm a leaf floating on a pond. Weightlessly in love.
Every piece of you is a living library of creation. The deeper I look, the more I see.
Don't value your self worth by others or external things but by appreciating who you are within. And if you must measure your success do it not by what you have gained personally but what you have contributed to a wider benefit. - Rasheed Ogunlaru
Don't carry the weight of the world on you Jace. It's too heavy for even a Herondale to bear.
I choose spiritual romance. I am sacred!
I am joyfully one with all existence.
Your love is the essence of divine artistry. Use prismatic hues to express it and shower it everywhere!
I embrace my sensitivity and let it enhance my joy every day.
Being sensitive is a gift that fosters peace. Help create a kinder, gentler world by embracing it.
My life guides offer my comfort, solace, joy, love, and bliss. I gratefully accept it, as needed, for my highest good and the highest good of all life.
A benevolent universe of spirit helpers sits at the ready to support your unfolding joy. All you have to do is ask.
I trust life and live deep bliss and comfort in each moment.
I am creative, blissful, and blessed!
Every peak and valley of your life has led you to deeper understanding and, ultimately, growing compassion.
Acknowledging your blessings makes them proliferate.
Embrace the sweetness of life like a gift honeycomb from the hive.
Spiritual romance is based on mutual respect and kindness.
I let my love for all flow through art, and I express how I feel.
We are all the same being. Union is the true reality of existence.
The natural world sustains me and fills me with joy.
Go outside, wherever you are, and appreciate each drop of water, each flower, each architectural work of art.
I let giving fill me with joy.
Every kind word or action has an equal reaction. What you put out comes back to you. Why not make it caring and joyful?
I am bold and daring. I go after what I want and create massive joy in my life.
Be brave and create the life of your dreams. Dare to strive for the spectacular.
I am a storyteller and experience the bliss of writing.
Tell the story of your life with grace and candor. Sharing your wisdom helps others and delivers deep satisfaction.
I am emotionally fluid and safe.
There is an exemplary pillar of inner strength within you. Acknowledge it to embolden it to grow.
I am natured into blissful radiance by nature, Natura, and my elemental friends.
Mother Nature offers her nurturing essence to us all freely with no expectation of reciprocation.
I dance through life, living my bliss, steeped in joy.
I embrace every day as an opportunity to live fully and with total heart!
Every day could be your last, so share your love far and wide with everyone you adore.
I am one with all life. I am connected to all the goodness in all the universe.
Nature offers splendor and artistry for us to appreciate. Opening our senses reveals we are surrounded by magnificence.
My life is wondrous, and I appreciate it every day!
Extraordinary wonder and joy are woven through ordinary life. Hunt for them relentlessly.
I am grateful in life and online. My gratitude raises my vibration and enhances my joy.
You never know whose tough day you will brighten with a few kind words. Tweet your positivity today!
Joyful peace pervades my being for all time.
Cultivating daily calm, even for a few minutes, yields a core of centered wellness.
Moving my body ignites my bliss. I say yes to movement!
Moving your body moves energy. You can create or demolish whatever you need with kinetic dynamism.
My inner waters are healthy, balanced, and full of bliss for all time.
Sometimes a self-love soak can right the world and recharge the heart. Draw a bath and step into bliss.
I accept love and bliss from benevolent, highly vibrational spirit friends for my highest good.
Unleash the force of bliss within you. Radiate your joy no matter what!
I jump for joy every day. My body pulses with joy, and my vibration soars. I feel amazing.
The jump toward joy encompasses your life with boundless energy.
I am animated by my joyful life. I let my inner child feel loved and experience joy every day.
Release the baggage of the past. Carry joy instead.
I share my love and gratefully accept love as it flows back to me.
Giving from the heart lights a flame of kindness, forever illuminating your world.
My senses are alive with pleasure and joy.
Our senses are the lavish gift of being human.
I let new experiences enliven my being and awaken new, amazing parts of my being. I experience life with joy and receive its bliss.
I look for beauty every day and find it everywhere. My bliss in enhanced!
Find the beauty in situations where it is not obvious, and you will create voluminous joy in your life.
I live a grateful life, and the result is pure joy and happiness.
There are endless ways to thank the people who have contributed to your life. Dole out thanks, and your life will bloom.
The joy of the bee tribes infuses my life with sweetness.
Love yourself like you would a treasured love or a cherished child.
I am nature, and I am grateful.
Loving spirits are with you every step of the way, cheering you on and offering help when they can. You are never alone.
I effortlessly let go of my density and dance forward into infinite bliss.
Let your fear dissolve and allow love to effervesce through your being. Be open to feeling good in this moment.
I celebrate who I am, what I love, and all of my blessings that lead to joy.
Each day offers a reason to celebrate. Find it and experience true bliss.
I am a limitless being of oneness. I am the physical embodiment of joy. Anything is possible in my life. My true source is joy.
In reality, everyone is unlimited. All limits are simply illusions. Understanding is the breeze that sweeps them away.
I celebrate the connections in my life, from my past, present, and future. I joyfully accept love in all its healthy forms!
The people we adore in our lives brighten our days and illuminate our nights.
I love my animal allies and am grateful for their support. I accept it.
Animal allies are all around, offering beauty and connection.
I jump into color bliss, today and every day!
Vivid living is your destiny! You are a being of color and light. Unleash your bliss.
I am loved and held by a benevolent universe of love and bliss for all time.
You are part of nature, and its pulse beats in your veins.
I am worthy of daily joy, and I will treat myself to a glorious day of complete bliss at least once per month.
Set aside even one day just for fun, and you will improve the next seven.
I boogie my bliss, dance away my density, and jump into joy!
Dance away your density and celebrate your splendor.
My heart is a blooming rose of self-love.
Imagine a brilliant rose of pure love in your heart. Next, see a twinkling flower within the hearts of all you meet.
My ancestors offer me bliss, love, and light. I gratefully receive that which is for my highest good and release the rest back into the pure, white light.
Ancestors from all times have shared their essence with you. Accept the light and let go of the rest.
I respect myself and receive joy form all directions.
When we fill our hearts with self-love, we kindle sparks of compassion all around us.
I embrace new experiences every day. I revel in the fun adventures I create for myself and absorb their blissful gifts.
Fresh moments ignite the senses. Create them.
I love myself totally, completely, and unconditionally.
Flowers, trees, and leaves are all gorgeous expressions of nature's innate joy. Notice the bounty surrounding you.
I am filled with abundance, gratitude, and love.
Dance is medicine. Movement is potent. Empower yourself with it today.
I live love in each moment. I let love heal me and elevate me to my highest self.
Your life is awash in waves of love in each moment. Open your eyes to the currents around you and bathe in the bliss.
Music enlivens my soul and opens my heart to ever greater levels of bliss and joy.
Let music ignite your vivid inner colors and bring you harmony inside and out.
I am powerful in my love for myself. My inner essence sparkles with bliss.
Your inner essence can innovate and inspire. Harness that dynamism and embrace the positive change you can create.
I allow myself to rest deeply and be rejuvenated, trusting the love of the angels to support and hold me for my highest good.
Angels are all around us every day. Notice them and realize the benevolence of life.
I use health joy and comfort to set off my brain chemicals of bliss for my highest good.
Comfort, joy, and love are key ingredients to a rich, pleasurable life. Prize them.
I embrace now-this moment-with my whole being.
In choosing consciousness, we gift ourselves with presence.
I am wired to live joy in all ways. I let my being be healed and tended by the high vibration of joy. My life is optimized for boundless joy.
We are all wired to experiences boundless joy and lavish bliss.
I give and accept waves of welcome. I attract wonderful, life-minded friends who enrich my life.
Breath is the door to the heart and soul. It moves chi and energizes cells.
My sacred twins live in blissful harmony, and I am integrated.
Integration happens when all parts of your being are in harmony.
I honor and love the fairy folk and am excited to keep getting know them for the rest of my life!
Fairy magic is present in every ray of sunlight and each joyful moment. Embrace the living essence of nature.
I keep the light and love from my ancestors and let go of the rest.
We can all receive the gifts of our unique ancestry and harness them to forge a path of joy and healing.
I make time for joy every day.
Making the effort to experience daily joys a powerful mood enhancer. Find your bliss today!
My collage opens my heart to endless joy. I am an artist!
Life is like a collage. Its individual pieces are arranged to create harmony. Appreciate the artwork of your life.
I let my love for myself grow infinitely. I understand that loving myself is emotionally healthy and necessary to my well-being.
Telling the truth is less demanding than telling a lie.
I am lovable in endless ways. I look myself straight in the eye with love and acceptance.
Life is a matter of choosing what is good for you.
A book is like life, there are only so many chapters.
The best advice will come from the person who has no personal interest in the matter.
I celebrate my spirit with joy and playful abandon.
Celebration and laughter are two of the richest gifts of life.
I seize the moment and create bliss, right now!
Take the wheel and create spectacular moments for yourself. Rev up the extraordinary in your life!
I am rooted in the unlimited love of the heart of the universe.
Love is the opposite of fear. It is free and transcends all space and time. Love is infinite.
The sun heals me every day and opens my heart to ever-expanding bliss.
I journal my joy, and my joy expands exponentially forevermore. So be it.
Sometimes your diary is the perfect listener.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
There is something lovable about almost everyone you encounter. Uncover it, and you will experience true compassion.
I am empowered and thankful for my parents' love and support.
You were born of two flawed yet beautiful souls. Happiness is your birthright, and love is your guide.
I let myself play in an unbounded world of creations on the glorious written page whenever I desire.
Imagination is the dynamic catalyst for every breakthrough.
I live love. I am made of infinite love. I choose love in each moment.
Life is a collection of experiences. Stockpile those wrought with love like the treasures they are.
I recognize my gifts and optimize them. I accept my total being and honor all parts of myself.
When you consciously choose to do what you love, life becomes a pleasure and ceases to be a chore.
I choose to love more and more every day.
Emotional safety is feeling internally secure and confident in your life.
My spirit is joyful, and I love my higher self. I am my higher self.
Your true self is a boundless spiritual being. You are spirit in body.
I connect with the world of flora and experience the bliss of that connection!
Inspire someone today. Your action can change that person's life forever.
Be the change, you seek from society
Everyday presents a new opportunity to grow and press forward to your success. Stay the course believing that where you are right now doesn't matter, as long as you are moving in the right direction.
Kids, no matter how big your problems are - ask your parents for help and advice.
If you're struggling today, remember that life is worth living and believe that the best is yet to come. Remember that you are loved, you matter, and never forget that there is always hope.
Smash the Goals in your Life! You are the Unstoppable! 
At first the weight of loss was thrust upon me so harshly I could only take a short breath, just enough to endure the next few seconds, only to find I must inhale again. Every person in turmoil thinks the boulder on her chest will never lift. Yet the same boulder awakens an equally strong urge to live.
Live your dreams. Live your life to the greatest.The more you believe ...the more you will achieve
The will to win begins in your mind.So constantly strive for excellence and greatness in your time.
One of the ways to get the information or knowledge to is by reading!
Till I have your disposition, your goodness, I never can have your happiness.~ Jane Austen (Pride & Prejudice)
Let your light shine as an inspiration to humanity and BE THE REASON someone believes in the goodness of people.
Spirit is a child, the tune of dancing feet its lullaby.
Thirty two men keep guarding the tongue. Since it keeps a sense, still speaks non sense.
She never asked for money, for gifts and priced ones, she always asked me for priceless love that was worth billions, where I failed.
When men at forward fail to achieve the goal, they describe the victory lies in defending.
Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity.
People have been telling so many lies. At the end you won't believe the simple truth.
A road to confidence is a road worth taking.
You haven't learned anything, until you've read a good book.
Let your love for book grow, as your confidence grows.
I place my trust in You, O adorable Blood, our Redemption, our regeneration. Fall, drop by drop, into the hearts that have wandered from You and soften their hardness.
The sun stands out not because it merely shines, but because it shines on everyone.
Do something which arouses happiness in your own bones.
The Great Mother does not say that destruction is wrong. She simply provides all that her children dream of
Never doubt, when you begin with something that it will end in failure. Our thought is transformed as picture in our mind.
Tomorrow is the only future we have. Let's live to love it!
You are the draftsman and craftsman of your own destiny.
May we all listen to what's really going on with our friends and loved ones. Listen and stand with them in their pain and their joy.
There is no shortage of external inspiration. Open your eyes and look and you'll be dazzled by it. But it's nothing if you fail to see the magic, wonder and potential that resides within.
Shut your eyes to the world of pain, and you also shut your eyes to the world of delight.
We do not arrive at Love by ourselves. It is through each other that we learn to love ourselves
Don't be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but you will gain something better.
We honour our existence through devotion. We do everything that brings us closer to our hearts
As with all matters of ht heart, the odds may not be in our favour but it is the only risk worth taking.
As with all matters of the heart, the odds may not be in our favour but it is the only risk worth taking.
If they say you will fall, rise. If they say you will fail, succeed. If they say you will break, kept it together. If they say you will deteriorate, flourish.
A star is not afraid of darkness, for its light comes from within.
In light, there is no darkness; and in darkness, there is no light.
Life will go on without you, because in the end it's not about you.
You are not alone. There are Freedom Seekers everywhere.
Deep down we all know that freedom is a choice, yet so many of us don't feel that truth.
In finding the courage and confidence to escape our cages and shine, we help others do the same.
Your heart knows there is a greater version of your life available to you.
You were given the problems you have because you can solve them; the burdens, because you can carry them; the trials, because you can overcome them; the opponents, because you can beat them; and the enemies, because you can conquer them.
If you want to know a person's true character, observe how he treats those who don't matter.
If you can't move a mountain by faith, move it by carrying away stone by stone.
When people fail to recognize your work just don't give up yet. Because it's not always about the recognition, sometimes it's about the "passion" that we hold onto..!!!
Make your dreams your goals, so that they are a part of you and not just a wish.
To help small business owners get the cash they deserve for their business needs.Call Me 4 Cash at 1-833-Me4-Cash Or Apply Today at 1833Me4Cash.com
The biggest magic of the world is DEATH.
Love isn't about what you do for me. Love for me is where I see myself in relation to you.
As Conor McGregor says he is the best and it is not out of arrogance. When confidence oozes from every inch of you, you know you have it in you! Go ahead! Smash the obstacles! Be the best in whatever you do!
Kahit na anong talino mo pero ikaw ay tamad wala rin mangyayari sayo.
We are a part of love, not separate from it
Some escape to LIVE. Some LIVE to escape.
The feeling of freedom is as precious as a fortune waiting to be told.
Live more. Worry less. Do what you love.
When you are trapped in a cage with broken wings, freedom can seem like a faraway deeply buried treasure. But it is always within reach.
When life gets too hard on you just forget everything,be yourself and move on
The uglier the storm the lovelier the rainbow.
Light on its worst day will conquer darkness on its best day.
What you conquer in your soul you conquer in your world.
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.
Fear and greatness cannot exist within the same space.
Change is the universal truth If you don't change Changes will definitely Change you
There's power within you, and it's your job to turn the lights on.
The only reason you should ever look down on someone, is to help them up.
Don't resist. Don't insist.Just Move over.Its's a divine takeover.
Everything you do matters. Every time you share and care, the light multiplies.
Spend time with people who enrich your mind, nourish your heart, and illuminate your soul.
Whether your glass is half full or half empty, hope can fill it up.
Remember, that username is a real person. Choose to spread the love online.
Choosing to unconditionally love others is a path to deep joy.
Kindness alchemizes the soul, and a sweeter, richer life is the delicious result.
Compassion is the magic ingredient to an amazing life.
If you knew today was your last day here, how would you share your love with the world?
Seeking external validation brings disappointment. Validate yourself from within to find true happiness.
Find the light within you through meditation and introspection, and you will illuminate your life from within.
I allow the deities of compassion to fill me with light for the highest good.
Make every picture a #loveselfie and fill every moment with soul.
Let go of rejections and focus on self-reflection. For it is within that you will find the light you seek.
Forgiveness happens every time we surrender our attachment to pain.
You are a dynamo, and every day offers a choice to create a life you love.
Live to give and be rich of heart and laughter.
Compassion is given freely with no expectation of reward.
Start a compassion movement in your community by being a living example of kindness.
The beauty of compassion is free, and everyone is welcome to it.
If it's the other guy's fault, you can't fix it. Don't blame other people for your problems. That gives them all the power. Own up to your mistakes.
Every failure if you let it is an opportunity to reinvent yourself and move forward.
There is toned muscular athletic body in all of us. It is never too late to start taking care of the body you have.
Being compassionate can be an exciting exercise of embracing life if you let it be.
You have the power to choose compassion in each moment.
Take a leap of faith on your dreams, not for me and not for the society, just for yourself.
Find the soul and love in every situation you encounter and find true happiness.
A diamond only truly appreciates pressure the day it begins to shine.
Talk to yourself like a cherished friend. Treat yourself with love and care. You are perfect, just as you are.
Anger has great strength, but no brains. Greed has a great appetite, but no heart.Pride has a great spirit, but no soul.
Your inner critic is simply a part of you that needs more self-love.
Let the blue of the sky and ocean take your blue away when you feel blue
Blessed are the misfits who make their own rules and stick to them for they shall inherit peace of mind
You are trapped by nothing more than a poor attitude
Thinking of only the worse of yourself will eventually destroy you
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and get to work, your future lies ahead of you
We are made of stars. So, what's impossible?
Freedom is found within, in the shape of our laughter and the way we love, in the truths that we live by and the stories we become
Freedom wanders in the landscape of the mind, and nourishes the deepest yearnings of the soul.
Feeling free is a choice that is ours for the making, ours for the taking at any time, at any age.
Only what is below you tries to pull you down.
Masters today, were Starters Yesterday, so begin now.
Bad things happen in life, but we must learn to deal with them and move on
Remember it is good to build and bad to destroy
Sometimes the ultimate act of self-compassion is turning off your phone and looking someone in the eye.
Slowing down your thoughts on a regular basis is the path to consistent peace of mind.
Relax your heart and let go into the infinite ocean of love within you.
The love you share with yourself pays immediate and lifelong dividends of peace.
The mind dies, but its thoughts live on. The heart perishes, but its experiences live on. The body expires, but its spirit lives on.
Speak to yourself with compassion on the inside and you will radiate peace on the outside.
Peak performance happens when we feel loved and supported from within.
Practice self-compassion and experience the priceless feeling of emotional safety.
Defeat the demons of self-doubt and self-loathing by being your own hero/heroine of self-compassion.
The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.
Excuses, we all have them, but successful choose not to use them
The elevator to success is out of order, as you climb; you re-arrange to suit your own call.
In every set of circumstances, we get to create our own experience.
We don't experience the world. We experience our thoughts and think that's the world.
Reflection of the Past, Acceptance of What Was, and the Discovery of the Humor in All ThingsHeals Even the Deepest of Wounds
Within all beings resides the unlimited power of the creative soul.
Temporary friends sometimes bring us to permanent blessings.
Never live in fear or regret, live in lessons learned that make you better and keep going forward
The only way to become successful at anything is by overcoming and not giving up
Adversities define what you're made of. Success is you're reward for overcoming them
Until you become who you are supposed to become, you will never live how you are supposed to live. Start acting like who you are supposed to become and not who you are now
It doesn't matter if you have to kick, crawl, scratch, hop, limp, hobble, or be carried to the finish line. Just make sure you finish you race.
What are you working towards everyday besides death?
For every excuse that you've ever had or came up with of why you can't or couldn't, there's someone who's had that same excuse or even worse, but found a way and did
If you can't finish you can't succeed. You have to become a finisher.
You have to focus on the finish line from the starting line.
If you see a shot, shoot.
Dream again, think again, and live again.
You can either complain about it or grind, I choose to grind.
If you're going to be fighting anyway, why not fight to win and not just to survive.
Live with purpose.
At the end of the day, what makes the biggest difference in your success is the action you take. By Mestar Digital 2017
Remember, It doesn't matter what you can do, what really matters is what you will do.
So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and their it all happened
So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened
If the past could be changed, it would not exist. If the future could be stopped, it would not survive. If the present could be avoided, it would not prevail.
Overthinking is parasitic. It's viral. It's deadly, even. Letting yourself fall victim to overthinking doesn't just kill your happiness, it destroys who you are. The mind is a beautiful and complex thing, and the only person who can hurt it is yourself.
A rainbow is not afraid of showing its true colors because it knows it is beautiful inside out.
Nowists get off on getting on, so they run when they could walk, jump when they could sit and dance when they could sit at the edge. They regret inaction, so simply act.
The richest person in the cemetery is the one who left behind the most happy memories.
If stars avoided the dark, they would not be visible at night.
Because no one is walking in your shoes, only you feel the sores on your feet.
Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts, minds and soul ties... not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.
Hard work beats talent, when talent doesn't work hard
When time is not in your favor, be in favor of time
At what point does "one day" become today?
When you put the hard work in... reward will come out.
The beauty of life lies in its Uncertainty.
You don't have to swim when you know how to walk on water.
First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
The one who truly sacrifices the most is usually the one who talks about it the least
Freedom was my daring travel companion on the thrilling ride of life.
We often build our lives in a way that shuts out freedom.
Freedom is found within.
There is joy in every circumstance.
The (bible) teacher predicts and defines the route and pace of the spiritual growth of his students. This is because it is to the degree of the knowledge of CHRIST in a disciple that we can measure his spiritual growth.
It takes a warrior's courage to acknowledge that your point of view matters, that your truth matters, that your gifts matter, and that your presence on this earth matters. You don't have to earn this right; it's yours as part of your birthright.
Invest like a bull, sit like a bear and watch like an eagle. (mantra for long term investing)
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way
Don't always trust what you see. In a bull market even a duck looks like a swan.
It is impossible for a star to shine and not get noticed, even in the dark.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
You can start from the ordinary bizzare to the extraordinary incredible
The existential hero strives for authenticity even when it is costly, lives meaningfully in the midst of a banal, absurd world, and confronts rather than rejecting reality regardless of the personal cost.
Investing is like Yoga. Body, mind and soul have to be aligned.
Chase the story behind the stock, not the money on the table. Money will make you rich, but the story will make you wealthy.
Rainbows earn their brightest colors in the storm.
Don't learn literature from a history teacher.
Better to lose money in a good company rather than making money in a bad one.
It is not the size of a seed, but the size of what rises from it.
To wake up every day with a whisper of a dream and then put pen to paper to make it a reality
Read not only between the lines, but also what is not written.
If the management has not performed well in their bad times in the past, chances are they will not perform well in their good times in the future too.
There is large cap, mid cap, small cap. There is also a BHANGAAR CAP. More than 4000 out of 6000 companies fit in that category. They show up only in the good times. Be careful
In markets, stupid action does not have equal but severe opposite reaction.
Trading is injurious to your wealth. If you are smoking you may die in 20-30 years whereas by trading, this may happen the very next day.
When kids come on the dance floor it's time for elders to go to the bed.
Your investment belongs to the market and your profits belong to you.
Regret is a lifestyle disease of equity investing.
When we are right, we earn. When we are wrong, we learn.
Laissez faire laissez passer.
Let us all smile at each other for a smile is the beginning of love.
Passion without purpose leads to frustration.Purpose without passion leads to procrastination.Passion with purpose leads to success.
Achieving success is like hitting a moving target. Both require accuracy, the ability to counteract external factors and adjusting the sight when necessary.
In the middle of all the ordinary--something extraordinary shows up.
Soon, when all is well, you're going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.
Just becauseyou feel lostdoesn't meanthat you are.Sometimes youjust have to relax,breathe deep,and trust the pathyou're on.
Shout out to everyone transcendinga mindset, mentality, desire, belief,emotion, habit, behavior or vibration,that no longer serves them.
You can blow out a candle, but you cannot blow out a star.
You are not honored for the fruit you pick, but for the trees you plant.
Once you eliminate the persona that was created to survive. The real you will have permission to come forward, and enjoy the life that is meant to thrive.
The penalty for procrastination is the loss of hopes and dreams.
Charity is certainly greater than any rule. Moreover, all rules must lead to charity.
Peace gives you the world, laughter gives you the sky, joy gives you the world, and love gives you the universe.
Don't miss the blessing disguised as shit.
Life's a wondrous journey, don't take it for granted.
Build roads never seen before. Build bridges never existed before. Build a society never lived before. It is all in your hands now.
Anythings possible if you've got enough nerve!!!
When you look at a rose try to focus on its beauty, not its thorns.
If you wanna capture me,capture me wretched,that's the real me.My brokennessis my beauty.My smile isa brief facade.
The real happiness is self-contentment.
We always wanna fight about what we think are our differences, but really we are fighting contrasts of the same.
Never lose hope, for all the interweaved strings will soon straighten out.
Don't let someone treat you like shit or you're just one of many options,' Know your worth...'Remember!, One of The most powerful thing about time is...it CHANGES..' everything! that defines you' 
If you persist, you will prevail.
Frequently in life, you have to take irrelevant paths in order to reach the correct destination.
Too much time is wasted listening to the noise of the mind - and too little is spent living from the love and power of the heart.
You are strong because of what you overcame, brave because of what you defeated, fierce because of what you mastered, and powerful because of what you conquered.
Wisdom is a great prophet, faith is a great warrior, knowledge is a great sage, and virtue is a great priest.
Be the person you needed when you needed help.
There comes a point in everyone's life when the only thing you can manage to do is sit. To sit and stare. To sit and stare and wonder how everything got so messed up that you've passed the point of caring.The Whys Have It
Don't be an Extraordinary, you have to be extra in Extraordinary
How inspiringly beautiful it is to bloom inspite of life's storms.
Dream while others are sleeping. Dare while others are wishing. Do while others are talking. Deliver while others are quitting.
What if we treated the ones we loved the same way we treated ourselves?
Discouraging words...discourage dreams,Encouraging words...sprout dreams,Parents plant the seeds!
Technology is either a curse or a blessing depends on how we use it.
The World of Today, Few People have Everything while Many People have Nothing.
Just keep telling yourself. I get better everyday and everyday I get better. Then see what happens.
If you want to know how fortunate you are, visit three places: the slum, the hospital, and the cemetery.
Passion is everything...so make it happen
Count your blessings take care of the people you love.'Happy father's day to all the greatest POP,DAD,KIN in the world.
Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignorance and greed.
Hold yourself back, or heal yourself back together. You decide.
What it is, it is.
I can't change yesterday, but I can sure mess up today.
Light another's path and the universe will light your own.
I am not too worried about the many changes in today's society, but I am rather overly concerned about societies refusal to change from it destructive path!
Life is brighter than we think and better as we are. We just need to open our eyes and follow our heart.
Quest assignments are never wrong.
My boy, many people know many things. But the things we think we know of others can only become what is known if the others choose to do the doing of making what we think we know known.
Trees generously share their fruit.Bees generously share their honey.Flowers generously share their perfume. Do likewise.
To learn, we must first listen.
SEEK THE ADVENTURES OF THE HEART. THEY LEAD YOU TO ETERNAL BLISS!
If your thoughts are higher than your problems, you can fly above them.
Inhale every blessing you can think of, and exhale all that is not. Like a fist that can always get tighter, you can always give more. It is essential that you know that in your heart, and you will survive this day as you have so many in the past. You can get through this. I believe in the power of you.
You can't make history going incognito.
The well of knowledge will never run dryAs long as you have the wisdom to seek and the courage to try
You can't express your true feelings until you know what they are
The energy of life is force of faith.
Why don't we pay more attention to little children and be nice to each other.
Memories are interesting. Interesting because they are faded yet detailed, pictured yet difficult to decipher, yelling yet mute, beautiful yet dreadful, magical yet logical, and familiar yet new. We listen; we encounter; we observe; we do; we learn; and, we talk. Everything we do or experience becomes our memory. Indeed, memories are interesting.
Use fear to become braver, pain to become stronger, trials to become wiser, and misfortune to become better.
There's no beauty without difference and diversity. Love unconditionally.
No one is perfect in their life but those who learn from their mistakes is on right path of perfection
To strengthen the body's muscles, exercise; the mind's muscles, read; the heart's muscle's, laugh; and the soul's muscles, love.
People will never stopThey will say.Stop troubling yourselfThey are not familyThey are just 'PEOPLE
Until the fear of separation is faced there can be only a life of illusion, where nothing real can exist. Until this happens there can be no knowing the stillness of peace, which is to change, in the very near future, for all humanity. The illusion of separateness can not continue to exist.
If you rule the air, you are great; the waters, you are extraordinary; the lands, you are remarkable; but if you rule over yourself, you are remarkable.
Ignorance may be light as much as it may be a deemer
Everything happened to find the balance of Life.
I shall never exchange reading for riches.
I want to be the reason you look at your phone when you wake up in the morning and smile
One step at a time I know I will reach my destination of which I consider to be a happier, healthier way of living in mind body and soul.
I was so blissfully lost in her that I didn't have to fight time.
One thing that makes your confidence echoe over negativity is your patience, understanding, ambitions and trust me it makes your accomplishments astonishing
The world doesn't keep spinning and changing seasons for us to remain DORMANT. The world continues to change because we continues to change because we continue to change and because change is a BEAUTIFUL thing.
It's always the mind that needs quietening and the heart that needs listening to.
Never stop dreaming, wake up and chase your dreams.
When you are fulfilled within, big problems look small and when you have a vacuum within small problems look big!!!
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Worry soils, even the purest mind.Envy poisons, even the purest heart.Greed sullies, even the purest soul.
We're all a blemished spirit full of censurable faults
Yes, you can be a dreamer and a doer too, if you will remove one word from your vocabulary : impossible.
Meaning is not what happens, but what you do with what happens.
I am not perfect and I don't pretend to be. My brand is about dealing with life after it happens and not sugar coating the fact that I'm a human who makes mistakes.
To have extreme, laser-like focus, you must be willing to reject a lot of opportunities, even if they sound great.
Life is complicated until complications don't grace it amid amenable aura.
Like Salvador Dali's paintings of watches melting in the sand, time wanders at its own curious pace whenever you're on vacation in a foreign country.
Find a way to learn something from every disappointment.
Barely halfway back, exhaustion sets in. What if I don't make it? An edge of panic gets intercepted by a calmer inner voice: Look behind you.
Out here on the water, it's a fine line between feeling in control and losing it altogether.
Instead of falling, I am dancing with the wind.
Producing obituaries is a way of creating a legacy to remember important people of our times and their contributions. No matter whose obituary it is, I look for something inspirational about each person.
Flip a coin. Life or death. Heads or tails. You never know.
If there's a takeaway from working here, it's an understand that, as bioorganisms, we are a walking time bomb programed for cellular self-destruction. Not if, when.
Lucid dreams often feel like this-as if you are observing yourself from a point over your shoulders-arm flexed, hands curving around the boom, breathing, in three dimensional silence.
There are two kinds of special events: planned and unplanned.
Inside, my spirit is sparkling like foam on the crest of a wave at high tide under a full moon.
Swirling around my ears, the wind and I whooping at the sea, picking up speed, breathing it all in. An act of loving life.
Soul-to-soul contact sweeps through, like a tsunami, leaving in its wake just this: unconditional surrender and overwhelming gentleness.
Of all the things I wish for her, above all, I want her to know and love the sea.
The feeling of freedom and scent of sea air are intoxicating. As the wind picks up, I gain speed, holding on to life with a capital L
A wide-angle view of sails sparkling white against a cobalt sky as light dances, silver on the water. Like art, it soothes the edge, allowing you to see something simple from a different perspective.
I took up windsurfing to explore my own courage.
If you didn't fall down, you would never have learned how to pick yourself up.
Every misfortune is a blessing in disguise.
My former identity was lying around, somewhere, fragmented and buried, like shards from an earlier civilization.
Unraveling life lessons from just the past few years would take many more years. Lessons unlearned would pass with me, when I went through that door, to be completed in some future lifetime.
The human psyche is a self-correcting mechanism.
Circumstances, events or situations do not have inherent meanings except what you give them
Without inner peace we have nothing.
Life can only be experienced.
The only sharks I'm afraid of are the ones that wear three-piece suits and write memos.
In a second you can change your mind, in a minute you can change your heart, in an hour you can change your life, and in a day you can change your destiny.
Life's rewards as well as it's short-comings are magnetic reflections of the vivacious energies we release through our thoughts, our actions, and our words.
Find your bones. Believe in what you are.
Each of us has more intelligence than we are trained to use and the part that we get graded on in school doesn't amount to much
In its failure to value differences in the way people learn, the educational process often suppresses intuition, creativity, and your sense of identity.
Finding your own metaphor for intuition is one of the best ways to give it form, an essential step in developing your intuitive thinking.
Intuitive knowing can be described as an openness to flashes of insight
The part of your mind that believes intuitive knowing to be impossible is that part of your mind for which it is impossible.
Learning to locate your own gut response is essential if you are to be able to identify and acknowledge your intuition.
The key to developing your intuition is developing your self-observation skills.
Opening up to your intuition represents a commitment to pay closer attention to how you think and feel.
Belief is the basis of intuitive behavior.
Believing is essential when changing any behavior
Whether you job involves chasing criminals, crouching numbers, or wrestling with paperwork, learning how to recognize and rely on those hunches and gut feelings can dramatically improve your job performance.
When your intuition is right, thank the part of you that knows how to do that truly remarkable job.
To develop your intuition, you need to respect it as a natural intelligence.
An intuitive insight or concept can often turn out to be an unexpected success.
Instead of vacillating, we need to value, acknowledge and trust our intuition for what it is, a sense of truth.
Intuition is a gift, an inner power that you can turn to whenever you need it.
Trusting your inner voice, which is one of the critical steps in developing intuition, is predicated on being truly self-confident.
Each of us has more intelligence than we are trained to use and the part that we get graded on in school doesn't amount to much.
Cosmic consciousness is the next level of holistic perception.
Anything is possible if you're true to yourself.
Brain waves are like personal handwriting.
The brain waves of ordinary people during insight experiences are unique. Their brains are in special states.
Try to become aware of one feeling a day, keeping in mind that by doing so, you are building your data bank of self-knowledge
Self-trust firms up your inner territory and grounds you with solid premises for believing in who you are.
When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust.
The fact that establishment scientists say something doesn't exist doesn't mean it doesn't exist. It only means that science has no effective way to measure it.
Where are you?''I am between the light and the waves.
Windsurfing, the sound of the word contains all the mystery of a solitary buoy in the fog, echoing across the water at the end of the day.
Surrendering is not giving up--it is gaining strength.
People only throw shade on what's shining
The universe acknowledges the value of your tears; for when it rains, it is shedding its own.
Jealousy, and attempting to match others in life and stride, is self-abandonment.
Taking care of yourself will take care of more than yourself.
Control is an illusion that you must give up.
Forgiveness is a skill gained by those willing to change.
You don't need to live in a mansion to be happy. All you need is to create the right space, something that says this is who you are, and you can always change who you are, just as you change your environment.
Run to brilliance. Sprint to excellence. Soar to transcendence.
To greet the present is to part with the past and future.
To act upon the outer world and change it, you must be first be fine to act upon yourself.
The brave with all of their weaknesses are better than the cowardly with all of their strengths.
It's said on my world that the only thing evil needs to succeed is for good men to do nothing." - Will Bradshaw
Don't expect the world to dish you your wishes, go out and serve yourself.
Hunger is a lesser evil than ignorance.
When you're vested in fear, frightened of failure, yet in the surrender is where you find your success.
Vested in fear, frightened of failure, but beyond that I choose to surrender to my fated success.
Time is the first currency for success and one we all hold in common.
You receive the gift of time freely and equally every day, beautifully wrapped in twenty-four new hours to invest in whatever you want, and how you use each hour decides your success or the lack of it
If you can think higher thoughts, you can do higher deeds.
...The human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Never reward a solder for doing whats expected
The entire world above you, around you, beneath you, and beside you, is insignificant in comparison to the world within you.
When the storm runs out of breath, a rainbow is born.
In the distance, I can see a storm coming in, the dark clouds and the lightning on the horizon moving towards me. I wait and I wait and I wait for the storm. And then it comes, and the rains wash away the nightmares and the memories. And I'm not afraid.
No matter how low the sun sets, the time is coming when it will surely rise.
Inspiration may come from many places but motivation - the love of life, daily drive and the will to thrive - that must come from you from within
Planting a flower in the desert takes greater skill than growing a garden in a rain forest.
The secret to succeeding in business, is in the first two letters of business... BU.
You are a product of your environment, but to be great your environment has to be a product of you.
Joy gives you strength.Hope gives you fortitude.Faith gives you courage.Love gives you power.
You are no greater than the knowledge you acquire, the desires you harbor, and the experiences you cherish.
Use your mind's talents diligently, your heart's powers incredibly, and your soul's genius profitably.
The mind shrinks or expands in proportion to one's wisdom; the heart, in proportion to one's courage; and the soul, in proportion to one's love.
Don't feel useless. Even a spoilt clock is right twice a day.
When choosing a profession, a person will have good incentive for personal development by choosing such a profession that represents a personal challenge.
Use two-way communication on oral exams to check the students' knowledge, not their attitudes. Checking attitudes can lead to the slippery area of subjective assessment.
On the path to Conquer the throne,some of your pawns must die...If your eyes aim the big kill,you must learn to eat humble pie.
Wen life gives you hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
In the body is tremendous strength, in the mind is brilliant potential, in the heart is extraordinary influence, and in the soul is remarkable power.
Dear Single Ladies, Love is precious, Remember this: You are worth pursuing. Don't Cheapen Yourself
When an ordinary man attains knowledge, he is a sage; when a sage attains understanding, he is an ordinary man
If you understand, things are just as they are... If you do not understand, things are just as they are...
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
When we ground ourselves in the present moment, we spontaneously connect better with others. We become more responsive and less reactive, listening more deeply and speaking with greater clarity.
Life is impact and you have not lived unless you leave a trail
Impact does not obey hard work but principles.
LIFE and TIME are the world's best teachers.LIFE teaches us to make good use of TIME and TIME teaches us the value of LIFE.
I don't care about your pasti know one thingthati want to be your last
The best can never stop coming because there are always better ways of being the best.
If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.
Stars do not hide from darkness. Roses do not hide from thorns. Diamonds do not hide from pressure.
If someone gave you the rules to the game you have been playing right away, you would miss the most exciting part - the details. Sometimes it's all about the details, they make the whole more meaningful.
When a flower rises from the earth, it is overcoming its greatest opponent: fear.
Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.
Do the right thing every single day and you never have to worry about your job or your pay.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Pride be damned, we do what must be done to survive.
Everything in life tries to hit us hard. We feel like dying. But instead fight back hard to survive. After all surviving was the only aim of everything." - Vishnu Kanchan
I'd love to do comedy. And I think I have a pretty good sense of comic thing, so I'd really like to try that.
I think you have to have a sense of humor about every movie that you're doing. Your character needs to be relatable in a way that, even when you're doing the most bizarre things, sometimes a bit of tongue in cheek is necessary to keep up the believability of it.
It's only when you're at the bottom of the ladder that you ascend.
From 9-5 you put food on your table. Before 9 and after 5 you make your fortune!!!
Rush under His armAnd feel the calmA touch of grace From His loving embraceBe still my child, He whispered softlyI have heard your cryI have heard your sighCome nigh, my childLay down your caresAnd dry your tearsCause your heavenly Father Has covered it all
it doesn't take rocket science to realize your devine purpose
It doesn't take rocket science to realize your define purpose
Wealth won't make you happy. Power won't make you remarkable. Fame won't make you honorable. Education won't make you wise.
Wishing you blessings of good health and wealth. May Joy and Peace be your followers.
Help others to fulfill their dreams and you will fulfill yours.
Don't ever let desperation take the seat of inspiration in you! Always live inspired no matter what! For though something might be wrong somewhere, something is always right somewhere! If you have life, be alive and smile!
Like the perfect collision of oils on a canvas. She was a walking piece of art. Words and all.
When you find your path in life and are in sync with your primary missions in this lifetime, everything else just falls into place.
Time spent doing whatever it is you do to escape your daily life would be better spent acquiring a life that needs no escape.
I love and care for everyone because I know the pain of being unloved and uncared.
The problem is that they don't even realize that they're walking a new road every day. They don't see that the fields are new and the seasons change. All they think about is food and water
I wish my whispers are heard and requited as a storm... Because, the storm is that keeps me alive!
Discovering and fulfilling your personal destiny is life's ultimate challenge and its greatest reward.
Bless the world with your mind, heal the world with your heart, lift the world with your soul; elevate the world with your life.
Often is the worst of you that makes the best of you
Don't mourn over the past; it has no pity for you. Don't cry over the present; it has no sympathy for you; and don't weep over the future, it has no mercy on you.
Understanding your strengths and weaknesses is an unending process of self-discovery and creative evolution. Real success depends on being true to what fascinates you.
art is risk made visible
once sailed neither the ship nor the shore ever remains the same again.
I cannot pretend that I regard this with favor, but the purpose of life is not to do what we want but what needs to be done. This is what fate demands of us. - Oromis
Just because you consider yourself a genius does not mean you are smart
You are not with your luck but he is with you forever and your life proves it.
Most people have a perception that winners are born great. Winners aren't born great. They have become great by the virtue of doing a little extra to achieve greatness. That little extra effort accumulates to one day giving them the winning results when compared to the ordinary efforts of others.
When doubted, double your efforts
Understanding breeds empathy.
Wisdom might be conversion into a tree.
In thoughts, be wise. In speech, be cautious. In sentiment, be positive. In actions, be prudent.
Ignorance, fear, hate: these are our enemies. Deny them with all your might. -Oromis
I am one and when I am one I am none, and when I am none I have won.
One day, I decided to help wherever I could & it was almost like magic, because I was exactly what the world needed everywhere I went.
The darkest storms color the brightest rainbows.
Learn from the ocean; not fearing turbulence, it uses the wind against it to rise instead.
If you want, you can be a child for the rest of your life and be a great LEARNER
A flower does not fulfill its destiny until it blooms, and a star does not fulfill its destiny until it shines.
I let go of all that does not serve me with gentleness and ease.
Good Morning Humans...'It's Monday don't forget to be awesome, make it a good one
The world is unfair, oh yes, live your life to achieve.
Focus on your portal, trust the process, don't get so involved in the desires or beliefs of others that cause you confusion and compromise your own alignment. - - The universe loves a believer!
There is no greater pillar of stability than a strong, free and educated woman, and there is no more inspiring role model than a man who respects and cherishes women and champions their leadership!
In order for a seed to rise, it must be buried in dirt; likewise, in order for the great to rise they must be buried in adversity.
Relationship are easy when times are good, BUT THE TRUE TEST IS WHAT YOU DO WHEN ( ONE IS BLIND AND OTHER IS VICTIM OF SILENCE ) AND TIMES ARE TOUGH.
The sky is the limit only if you have a problem with reaching for the stars.
Inspirational quotes are only making you more miserable.
We are all fighters. It is basic human nature. We strive to get somewhere in life or we fight for survival.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. The best is yet to come.
Some stories always remain incomplete, until you do not read them complete with heart <3
I can only motivate if you ALLOW me to motivate.
Emotions buzz through our beings like busy bees, giving us the gift of living vividly.
Even enjoying a cup of tea, with all your senses involved in it is also pure meditation.
The difference between what you expect and what you get is the problem.
The absence of 'criticism' is not Appreciation!!!
You will always find someone ahead of you even if you overtake someone on the highway called 'LIFE
IF you can fly above the CLOUD of politics, the storm is not for you.
You are perfect. Treat yourself like the being of beauty you truly are.
Consciousness is eternal, and it is part of you.
I relax into bliss. I am content and full of joy.
A warm soak can wash away life's worries and soothe an active mind. Choose self-care.
I let my inner smile enliven my being and enhance my health.
I have a secret. My inner smile is shining.
I choose my reality. My vision and actions create my life. I am an amazing reality creator.
As architect of your reality, you have the power to create it as you choose.
I let go of fear and immerse myself in the endless wash of love.
In every heart a waterfall of love is primed to shower the world.
I am made of universal love. I embrace my interconnected self and let it bring me joy.
Heart connection brings meaning to life and spirit to body.
I vibrate with cheer and delight in my cells. I let beauty heal me!
Delight and cheer in life, and let it uplift and inspire you. Spread happiness.
I am grateful to be alive.
You are a gift to life. Share your bounty.
I am joyfully responsible for myself, my own happiness, and creating a joyful life.
The hidden keys of true happiness are individual responsibility and an incessant quest for joy.
I prioritize my creative pleasure. I enjoy expressing my artistic side and receive the gifts of doing so.
Delight yourself with imagination and artistry and be inspired by life's beauty.
My roots are firmly planted in the glory of nature. The soil beneath my feet heartens each step.
I love all of myself in all ways for all time. I am made of pure love, and it permeates all of my selves.
Loving yourself is the single most important thing you can do to create the life of your dreams.
I surround myself with bliss. My home is a blissful oasis that nourishes me and brings me joy.
Decorate your life and home to represent the vivid hues of your radiant soul. Share your brilliance.
I love and commit to nourishing my inner child.
Within us all is a radiant inner child bathed in joy.
I allow my inner joy wellspring to be unbounded and free, to power me up, and to keep me radiantly healthy!
Extraordinary effervescence exists within you, waiting to be tapped.
If the sky never grew dark, we would not be able to clearly see the stars.
To live with regret is to deny one's life of living.
A leaf has no power to resist when the wind blows, but when life's storms rage, you do.
I am made of joy! I am joy! My vibration is constantly raising, and I feel good!
The only thing that belongs to us is our LIFE. Yet, we waste it in the pursuit of meaningless things that will never belong to us.
The zenith of the peak of mountains has to be balanced by the nadir of the depth of the seas.
Dare to make a wish that can change your life!
In every success there's a failure
Sometimes all you need is a little push to change your life in a BIG way.
Communication is the breath or death of any relationship
An excuse will not wake up early
Sharing our love is the highest form of bliss.
I seek fun and embrace it! I am present to the many enjoyable experiences in my life. I have the courage to push the envelope of fun and infuse my life with happiness.
Having fun is good for your health!
Joy is the highest vibration in the known universe.
My heart pulses with love. I am open to its healing and joyful effects.
Love sparkles within the shimmering jewel that is your heart.
I am. I exist. I embrace my inner quiet and let it replenish me.
Inner quiet can be cultivated. Meditation is a healing balm to a frazzled brain existing in a hectic world.
I am made of beauty. I notice beauty all around me every day. I am beautifully blessed!
Look for daily beauty. Let the splendor of life fill your senses.
I am grateful for all the goodness in my life. I think life for bringing me so much joy.
Gratitude opens you heart to receive more goodness. Then you give thanks and are blessed again. It's an endless cycle.
I am worth the effort of creating a blissful life. I choose to care for myself like a treasured lover. I love myself.
Emotions of every color create the rich work of art that is life.
I accept the blissful gifts of beautiful flowers and plants.
Open your creative heart like an unfurling flower and petal and share your exquisiteness.
I am awesome! I accept my amazing, awesome self exactly as I am in this moment. I love myself.
If you are too big to be impacted by your local church, then maybe you are to small to impact the world.
If you're not ready to face death, you're not ready to face life.
Do not change your clothes, change your thoughts.
Be ready to do things, your friends are afraid to do today.
Be the voice, that can be heard without a microphone.
If the stage doesn't change you, you can change people without being on a stage.
If you can`t listen to people, they hardly will follow you.
You don't need a stage to prove that you're a bad speaker.
You really don't need followers to prove that you're not a leader.
Influence can be the worst gun nowadays.
Never stop dreaming, but please stop sleeping!
I am not grown up, because I grow everyday.
If the vision is not strong enough to motivate me, I am part of the wrong vision.
Real leaders can change the world, but the world will not change real leaders.
People who steal your time are much more dangerous than people who steal your money.
When you're about to judge, look in the mirror and start.
If people buy your story, you'll never run dry.
Pay attention before speaking for attention.
Everytime you fall, you fly for a second.
Sometimes you win friends, sometimes you lose friends. Both can help you to grow faster.
Listening is more important than solutioning.
Motivational and moral books can change your present and future. Only The Bible can change your past.
If your vision is bigger than you are, look for partners who are bigger than your vision.
We do repent not to be forgiven, but because we are forgiven.
Your best dreams happen when you wake up.
Dream big, but do not fall asleep.
I am a little bit of everything that I've ever read or said.
Stop looking for that person you were in the past. She has changed. Look for the person she has grown into. She is wiser and stronger than than ever before. Don't go back to who you were. Cherish who you are." --Without a Voice by Chris Pepple
Many people spend more time looking at their failures than focusing on their successes.
Don't blame others. it won't make you a better person.
Becoming a great leader doesn't mean being perfect. it means living with your imperfections.
While we mortals fumble through ambiguity, he never loses his harmony #MyExperiencewith498A
A man is known by the company he keeps not by the company he works.
Do not allow your inner doubts to keep you from achieving what you can do.
When your intuition is strong, follow it.
Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act decisively without needing to know why.
The loveliest roses sometimes bear the ugliest thorns.
You see it dying, you feel helpless while it fades,You tend to lose hope lest you forget, a ripple is all, and that's all it takes...#MyExperiencewith498A
Faith is wonderful for when you understand it's meaning, it understands you and it takes you where you are destined to be. A rare phenomenon for we keep losing it before it extends its reach but if you have faith in the word, you don't follow it, faith follows you. I have seen it happen and I can vouch for it. #MyExperiencewith498A
Choose a job you love, Your work is going to fill a large part of your life.
What whispers from the center of the soul is an innocence-so loving, so pure, so divine-that the sage bows and the wise man weeps at the sound of its soft singing.
What I know is nothing but that we are a spring path of autumn light carved into a river of ancient singing.
For in moments of absolute darkness, even a glimmer blurs your vision,But if you dare to look back at it, you feel his presence, you know you are here for a reason !! #MyExperiencewith498A
If you stop learning, you start dying.
Maybe we live in danger, but we live not in fear.
Think big, dream big, stay humble and act now.
A good question is always a question that helps you and me grow, no matter what the answer might be.
Leaders walk by faith, managers walk alone.
If you need only 10 minutes to speak about a topic that requires 60 minutes, then you are a good speaker. If you need 60 minutes to speak about a topic which requires only 10 minutes, then you are a Romanian preacher.
Invest in studies which encourages you to invest in people.
If you are 100% sure that you live, why don't you live 100%?
I always keep my dreams so high, that you can keep laughing about it and I can keep growing for it.
Speaking doesn't make you a Leader, but if you have Leadership skills, people want to hear you speak.
An idea that does not take some risks, is probably an idea not worth taking.
If you want to change your nation, you have to start a conversation.
The growthzone is the zone where teacher and student are both students.
Don't set your own goals by what other people make important.
Focus on how far you have come in liferather than looking at the accomplishments of others.
Self-assurance reassures others and reassures yourself.
Greatness means setting out to make some difference somewhere to someone in someplace.
Choose your counsel, company and companions wisely: beware seeking wise words of advice from a fool or expecting informed opinions or decisions from the ignorant.
Find something about yourself to laugh about every day.
I've always said never let anyone tell you who you are. What I think I mean is never let anyone control how you feel about yourself.
NATURE: Where people go to recharge
The most important relationship in your life should be your relationship with yourself.
Attention is the beginning of devotion.
You are on your way to building a significant life when your service to others stops focusing on the now and the immediate future and instead focuses on generations to come and how your actions today will impact them long after you are gone.
To find true fulfilment, you must live your life's purpose.
Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you everything else. It's up to you to be happy with what you have or not.
There isn't a single definition of happiness to suit everyone's requirements, but you know it when you feel it
Success and the pursuit of it can nourish your body, but only significance has the ability to nourish your mind, body and spirit.
Master the art of finding something to celebrate about in each moment and life will become an exciting adventure
Don't try, be happy.
You already have the abundance of life in you, and each day you must decide to live abundantly by choosing not to live in the past, by never taking counsel of your fear, and most importantly by seeing the greatness within you and embracing it.
The abundant life should include all that life has freely given you - love, good health, success, prosperity, happiness, joy, spirituality, fulfilment, wisdom, purpose, growth and excitement.
To succeed in life you need five things - a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never ending improvement.
Don't ever let the Man get you.
To accomplish your impossible dreams you do not follow your brainYou follow your heart!
The worst enemy of our humanity is our self-doubt.
When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.
The greatest people in history were those who lived a life of significance and service. You can join them if you're willing to serve.
You need time, perseverance, and patience to develop the character and abilities required for success.
Define success by your terms, not by other people's standards.
Don't let any situation intimidate you, defeat you, or conquer you. you are stronger and smarter than anything that challenges you.
Greatness is achieved when you fulfil your purpose by doing what you were born to do.
I can feel myself getting happier as the days go on and it's the greatest feeling ever. Nothing is better than self improvement.
Always direct your emotions, desires, behaviour, and actions in the present so they are in alignment with what you want in your future.
Life is not about running away from your problems. It is about facing the problem, fixing it and then keep going until you stumble to another problem. The most important thing is never stopping.
A seed only begins to manifest its greatest potential the day it is buried in dirt.
Be the calm in someone else's storm.
Hold everything in this world lightly. Tight enough to show love, but loose enough to easily let go.
His pen spoke more to her than he ever did.In the war of words, some are unwritten and some are unspoken.
How might I get over this? How would I be able to overlook the way he used to be with me? How could I overlook that his fingers touched my indiscernible soul before it twisted my nipples? How might I overlook his essence that still is in my garments? Despite everything, I still hear you saying that you love me. Though I know you don't.
Self-discipline is a prerequisite to progress.
Your ego does not need to be crushed, it needs to be redeemed.
Perfection is the lowest standard out there because it is unattainable. Be the best you can but don't try to be someone you were not born to be.
Your words reveal your wants but your actions reveal your expectations.
You have mastered the art of discipline when you are able to act according to what you ultimately desire rather than how you feel in the present moment.
To get to 'yes' from 'no', you may have to journey through 'maybe'.
Ninety-five per cent of your success or failure will come from your daily habits.
Staying true to your dream by using your mental, emotional and physical strength is discipline in action. You express it through focus, grit, self-control, persistence, perseverance, and willpower.
Discipline is more about self-control through your inner strength and less about restriction.
The ability to make yourself do what needs to be done at the appropriate time and in the appropriate manner - irrespective of your feelings - marks the true test of self-discipline.
Self-discipline is a learned habit that should be developed and continuously worked on through regular application, practice, and repetition.
Discipline begins where you are, and the key to sustaining the level of discipline you need lies in developing daily habits and routines which mirror the life you want to have.
The investment you make in others is transferred to everyone they influence long after you're gone. Significance
Significance is about making a difference, and its pursuit should ideally come before the pursuit of success - or at least at the same time.
It's not how long you live that matters, it's how well you live.
Have you decided how great you want to be? It's really up to you. Greatness is a choice.
Success may create excitement, but only significance leads to fulfilment.
Success lasts a lifetime but stops at the end of your life. Significance lasts many lifetimes and continues long after you're gone.
If you see success as a race, then you will start eagerly with enthusiasm and passion with the hope of finishing quickly but there is much more to your success journey than your duration and speed.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
The struggles of the past are the gateway to the blessings of the future.
All she captures is a moment and what she calls it is a memory,Sometimes, it is assumptions that we use; all we need is a theory,Because you don't know what is there in the future,And all you need is a vision to make a perfect picture.I feel that I have known you for a century,And whatever she calls is a memory.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.The wound is the place where the Light enters you.Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Smiling at someone can have significant health consequences.
Whatever begins will end, in time.
Whatever it is that may be bothering you, whatever it is that may have your attention arrested, you have the power to rescue yourself.
The storm is the optimist's friend, but the pessimist's nightmare.
Seeking happiness is not the problem. The problem is that we often do not know where and how to find genuine happiness and so make the mistakes that cause suffering for ourselves & others.
Never forget that the way which leads to heaven is narrow; that the gate leading to life is narrow and low; that there are but few who find it and enter by it; and if there be some who go in and tread the narrow path for some time, there are but very few who persevere therein.
While ignorance might be bliss, apathy can be deadly.
When you recognize and reflect on even one good thing about yourself, you are building a bridge to a place of kindness and caring.
Never feel ashamed of your longing for happiness.
Clinging to our ideas of perfection isolates us from life and is a barrier.
I don't play head games... I come from a family that could easily be called Generous to a fault.
life doesn't have to be perfect to be enjoyed
Achievers are biased towards action despite any fear, and this courage sets them apart from others.
Healing starts the moment you accept the truth about what has happened. But healing doesn't come quickly. When you know that death or pain has come, you face a moment when you stare that pain in the eyes and declare that you will not be defeated by it. Then you turn away and grieve." -Chris Pepple, Without a Voice
You need courage because at various moments in your life you might need to attempt something new, push yourself outside your comfort zone, challenge the status quo, change your story, or overcome your fear.
Planning and perseverance will bring your mission to fruition.
Madness is freedom and some may only perceive its Insanity.
A cheap writer has an expensive thoughts.
Your life is a direct reflection of your level of investment in yourself, and your success or the lack of it is often decided by your personal development level.
Commit to the lifestyle of investing in you first. It always produces the best return.
Investing in yourself is one of the foundations for better relationships, health, happiness, success, and prosperity.
You can't excel in everything but you can be exceptional in a few things, so why not choose your life's focus?
You will only ever achieve the level of success that matches your wisdom or personal development level.
Invest time, energy, and money into increasing your knowledge and wisdom so you can become the best you can be - it's the best investment you could make.
Your wisdom decides your value, the size of the problems you can solve, the opportunities you create, and ultimately the level of success you experience.
To be successful choose an area of focus in life. It will identify where your energy should be invested and (more importantly) the source of your joy and success.
Progress can't be achieved without investing in and constantly improving yourself.
Don't ask what it will cost or how much of your time you will have to sacrifice. Instead, ask what it's worth.
The level of success you experience externally is a reflection of your level of personal development internally.
Good mentors and coaches will help you reach your destination faster than you can by yourself.
If you wish to be and remain successful, invest a minimum of five to ten per cent of your income each month and your time each day on your personal growth and development.
Success can't be achieved without personal development and constantly improving yourself.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that your dreams, desires or goals are more important than fear.
Acting courageously is about knowing and making the right choices based on a deep conviction that dwarfs fear, doubt, and worry.
Courage is the ability to make yourself take action in spite of your fear.
Successful people's dreams aren't just about results. They're about the changes their dreams will bring to their lives and the impact achieving their goal will have on those around them.
Dare to be different.
Big dreams only come true when you believe and have the courage to pursue them.
Courage is important but it shouldn't be used in making impulsive decisions or taking uncalculated actions.
You might fear you don't have what it takes, but you don't need to have all the answers or everything figured right from the start.
Finding the courage to break away from other people's opinions, and your self-limiting thoughts, could be the most significant breakthrough transformation you make on your journey to success.
You are a product of the stories you believe and accept.
Until you develop the courage to pursue that dream in your heart, you will never reach your true potential.
To become successful you have to dream big. Small dreams don't have the magic to stir up passion and greatness within you.
Let your work speak,Let your work scream,Let your work live,Forever.
After all these years, all I know is, I need not to do anything as a part of remorse.All I need is to write.Because,'Poetry forgives.
For any marginalized group to change the story that society tells about them takes courage and perseverance.
To encourage people, walk beside them. To inspire people, walk in front of them. To drive people, walk behind them. To lead people, walk with them.
All of your failures, are training grounds
Life goals hold the key to a lifetime of success.
At the end of your life you want to arrive at a well-designed destination rather than an unexpected destination, and you do this by setting life goals, not short-term, not medium, not long-term, but life goals.
Your goals should not be based on what you can do or what is possible but on what you want.
Failure is a pitfall of working without a plan.
Goals reveal your path to success, greatness and significance. Become a master goal setter and you will chart the course of your life.
Tu puedes, tu SIEMPRE puedes
It's time we allow our youth to de tangle life with ease.
Life should not be measured by duration alone but by donation also, by what you do during your lifetime.
The best way to discredit something is to come with a better way of doing that thing.
Goals help you look towards the future with anticipation and excitement rather than with anxiety, and when clearly defined and broken into smaller steps, they enable you pay the price needed to achieve your dreams.
My point, continued Rhy, is for every ten that worship you, one wants to see you burn. Those are simply the odds when it comes to people like you and I.
The idea that traumatic residues-or unresolved stories-can be inherited is groundbreaking.
The unconscious mind is a vast repository of experiences and associations that sorts things out much faster than the slow-moving conscious mind.
The greatest value in the goal process is the skills, the knowledge, the discipline, and the character you develop in pursuit of your goal.
Achieving your goal should always be of secondary importance. Your focus should be on becoming the kind of person deserving of the goal.
- Te iubesc atat de mult, mi-a zis incet. Daca as putea , ti-as lua toate tristetile si toate durerile.- Cu anumite dureri traiesti toata viata. Nici macar Dumnezeu nu te scapa de ele. Le porti in suflet toata viata, de parca soarta ar vrea sa nu te lase niciodata sa uiti ca ai fost ranit.
Be specific about what you want. Decide, define, describe, discuss and develop your plans and then act on them.
The poor can dream. The weak can hope. The helpless can strive. The powerless can rise.
In selecting any goal you should focus on the reason - without a compelling reason your resolve will weaken.
There is a direct relationship between the number of times you attempt a task and the likelihood of success.
Moving on feels heavy because you have been weighed down by fear
It's better to move on now and feel a pinch, than hold on and later treat a wound
A single star shines brighter than a thousand moons.
When you judge your art with number of likes you get in response to it, you're killing the artist within, and giving rise to an entertainer.
We live a life of opposites. We want things we can't have and have things we don't want.
If your dreams are so simple and easy to attain, why don't you walk straight to them and take them?
Effort is the foundation of all achievements and is the single greatest competitive advantage and quality you must consistently apply to achieve your dreams.
You must discipline yourself consistently to do what others do occasionally in order to have the future few will get to experience.
Talent is never enough. Effort, not talent, is the key to success.
Your rewards in life will be in proportion to the effort you apply.
Talent helps, but success is only achieved and sustained through consistent effort.
Success is not simply about intelligence and ambition. The time invested, the quality of preparation, and the effort applied are essential to excellence or mastery.
Working hard alone without being smart and consistent won't lead to success.
Wisdom allows you to decide how best to apply yourself to get the most return on your time and energy invested.
Success isn't entirely a numbers game, but numbers play a part.
Hard work without purpose seldom leads to success.
To be successful you must be willing to work hard, work smart, work consistently, and most importantly do all three simultaneously over a long period of time.
Goals are the result of bringing your dreams, ideas, and ideals into a real and examinable form by giving them permanence in written form.
They are probably the single most important deciding factor for long-term success, and your ability to set and make plans to achieve them is the master skill to your successful future.
Long-term goals provide focus, but inspiration comes from the accomplishment of short-term goals.
In order to be successful you must decide to be intentional about what you do, how you live, and who you are becoming.
Achieving a goal is not the most important part of the process. The destination should never be your primary purpose or objective.
Reasons are the fuel for goal achievement. Without a strong enough reason, it's impossible to persevere.
The person you grow to become in pursuit of a goal makes the journey a memorable experience.
Life isn't about what you have, it's about who you are.
Select carefully and continuously review your circle of influence, and be unapologetic about who you exclude.
Love everyone but chose your friends with caution.
Difficult times revel true friends but also the unfaithful in your life. Be attentive always, but especially during tough times.
You'll live your life at the least common denominator of those you spend the most time with if you are not watchful.
Your associations play a crucial part of your success equation. Study them closely because they will help or hinder you from reaching your potential.
Don't leave it to chance, find success and replicate it.
Your environment and the associations you keep will affect how you think, feel, and act, and ultimately the results you get.
You are the best thing that will happen to someone today.
Your ability to learn from the experiences of other successful people is one of your most important habits that will give you the best chance of success.
If you wish to be successful, you have be willing to invest the time, energy, and money necessary to associate with the right people.
Others have seen and experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly, and their experiences serve as models you can learn from.
You rob yourself of reaching your maximum potential and the best chance of success when you try to succeed alone.
Get around people who are trying to make a difference in the world. Iron sharpens iron.
Although failure is a good learning experience, you don't have to go through life making mistakes if they can be avoided.
You could be performing below your potential in areas where you are relying on your own experiences alone and without the guidance of a trusted mentor.
Develop a strong thirst for positive associations and learning from others, because the right people can take you further than you can go on your own.
Success is not achieved in a vacuum: the people you spend most of your time with and the voices you allow to influence your thoughts play a significant part in your success or lack of it.
Incredible ideas, results, and outcomes are possible when two or more minds come together for a common purpose.
Generosity creates the higher life. There is no nobler virtue than the care one person shows to another.
Less is more, especially in relationships. You must understand and appreciate the importance of quality in relationships over quantity.
Become skilled in the process of selecting whom you allow into your circle of influence.
Don't play the victim role, empower yourself instead. Place yourself and others around you in a position to win.
You're not free unless you come to the place where you have nothing to prove.
We stand on the shores of a Mystery, carried by the beauty of the horizon into fantasy that gives birth to our reality. So live like each moment is filled with gold.
Don't live your life in the future without any planned rewards for your effort and sacrifices today.
Anything in your life achieved too soon or too freely with little sacrifice is lost too quickly
Be willing to give up something you believe to be of value to get something of greater value.
The promise of the future is only possible when the price is paid in full and in advance.
You are often prevented from reaching your full potential because you hold so tightly to your past success.
To become successful, you have to let go of something to get something else of greater value.
Be willing to constantly travel towards the dreams of your future and don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Success comes with a promise and a price. The price has to be paid in full and in advance before the promise is fulfilled.
If you are serious about achieving your desired goals, be willing to let go of the small pleasures found in the moment that may sabotage your chances of experiencing true pleasure when the sacrifice is paid.
The pursuit of any worthwhile goal requires that you give up something that feels comfortable, secure, and safe in the moment to get you closer to your future dreams.
The level of success you will experience can be predicted by looking closely at the sacrifices you are willing to make.
The discipline of delaying gratification is a factor for predicting success.
In the success equation, subtraction comes before multiplication or addition. You must sow before you can reap a harvest.
Without a compelling vision to draw you away from your present and pull you through any challenges and into the future, it becomes easy to settle for a lesser life than the one you could achieve.
If you pay the price for success, you win. If you avoid payment, you lose. It's really that simple.
Your willingness to sacrifice who you are today for who you need to be in the future is a necessary decision on the success journey.
You can only build on success, but to do this you have to be willing to let go of your last success and use it as a stepping stone for your next achievement.
Success has more to do with what you are willing to sacrifice than your skills, talent or IQ.
Success comes as a result of working towards fulfilling your potential and closing the gap between who you are now and who you are capable of becoming.
The greatest obstacle to your progress and growth is often your unwillingness to pay the necessary price through sacrifice.
Be willing to constantly travel towards the dreams of your future, and don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Even the most noble of men are capable of committing the most heinous crimes when their souls cry out for help and that cry goes unanswered. If we spent half as much time building others up as we do tearing them down, we'd find the ladder of success is far greater than the rope of doom.
A day in a storm strengthens you more than a thousand in sunshine.
It is in vain to hide a fruitful seed in fertile soil.
Your vision helps the world identify you at the appropriate time.
Those whom you spend most of your time with, and the voices you allow to influence your thoughts, play a significant part in who you become and the future you have.
Those in your inner circle can significantly influence your success and the progress you make towards achieving your dreams.
Success is achieved by the deliberate consistent discipline of taking small steps daily rather than one large step occasionally.
Taking action provides immediate feedback and an opportunity to review your progress to see if you are on the right track.
The first step may be the hardest, but once you take action you create motion, which in turn builds momentum.
Taking consistent action is guaranteed to increase the probability of your success.
The best way of creating motivation is to do something. If you take action, motivation will follow
Waiting for things to happen is like daydreaming. To break out of that cycle, you must be willing to take the first small step.
Quit thinking and take the plunge. The way to get started is to stop talking and start doing.
Success is in direct proportion to the level of consistency in the application of the daily disciplines and actions required.
If your actions are combined with proper planning and perseverance, there are no heights you cannot attain.
Consistency in action is easy once you convert your daily disciplines and activities into habits.
Consistency is the difference between game excellence and an excellent game. Successful people do consistently what the others do occasionally.
Feedback is to success like rest is to the body.
What you do consistently shapes your life.
Your success will be in direct proportion to your level of consistency in your application of the daily activities and actions needed for success.
The shadow demons (fears) you've been avoiding keep you stuck in a rut, a prisoner in your own life - it's time to break free and shine!
Just like a flower, you are a creation of unique beauty from the one essence of life.
Shine the light of awareness on your disempowering beliefs and choose to substitute them with empowering beliefs. This way you will choose love over fear and your path to purpose becomes clear.
Never allow your life to be dictated by what you can see by sight, be guided by your inner vision.
Create in your mind a picture of what you want and then live that vision as if it already exists.
A vision is a promise of the future as seen in the present.
Vision inspires and clarifies what needs to be done in the present to achieve the promise of the future.
To achieve success, you need to develop the ability to see through your mind's eye continuously.
The most successful individuals and leaders achieve their dreams because they have a clear vision they have committed their life to.
Success is built on what you are able to see and create with your mind.
The difference between those who achieve their dreams and those who don't is in their ability to see not only with their eyes but also their minds.
The power and magnetic pull of your vision is hinged on the purpose and passion behind it and, most importantly, the intent.
Your life today is a direct reflection of the decisions you made and the actions you took.
Your vision helps you filter your decisions or choices and directs your actions.
Your vision is a glimpse of your purpose and a picture of your larger dream.
Dare to declare who you are. It is not far from the shores of silence to the boundaries of speech. The path is not long, but the way is deep. You must not only walk there, you must be prepared to leap.
For this is love's truth; she joins two in one being, makes sweet sour, strangers neighbors, and the lowly noble.
Our labor here is brief, but the reward is eternal. Do not be disturbed by the clamor of the world, which passes like a shadow. Do not let false delights of a deceptive world deceive you.
Waiting is often a decision not to accept responsibility and is one of the reasons why some people never reach their potential.
An Angel can illuminate the thought and mind of man by strengthening the power of vision and by bringing within his reach some truth which the Angel himself contemplates.
A man who governs his passions is master of his world. We must either command them or be enslaved by them. It is better to be a hammer than an anvil.
Ingratitude is the soul's enemy... Ingratitude is a burning wind that dries up the source of love, the dew of mercy, the streams of grace.
The moment you choose to be accountable for all outcomes in your life, you distance yourself from the position of a victim and assume the role of a change agent.
It's difficult to accept full responsibility and apportion blame at the same time - you have to choose one.
We all have within ourselves the inclination to try to pass the blame to others when things don't work in our favour. The ultimate challenge comes from suppressing this innate desire and replacing it with accountability and ownership for all things, good or bad.
Christ has no body now but mine. He prays in me, works in me, looks through my eyes, speaks through my words, works through my hands, walks with my feet and loves with my heart.
One of the greatest obstacles to success is the belief is that your future is predetermined. It isn't. You decide the outcomes through your decisions and actions.
It's easy to play the victim card (all of us have done this), but this mindset is one of the greatest obstacles to progress and growth.
Accepting complete responsibility is the unsung character trait of those who find uncommon success, and failure to accept responsibility is a common trait of those who end up with a mediocre life.
Ideas and dreams are only valuable after they have been acted on.
A mediocre idea acted on is of more value than a handful of brilliant ideas that remain in your mind.
To achieve your dreams you must be willing to take consistent and improved action over a defined period.
Taking consistent action is guaranteed to increase the probability of your success. When combined with proper planning and perseverance, there are no heights you cannot attain.
The willingness to burn your ships, cut off all sources of retreat, and take decisive action is often the only assured path to success.
You may spend much time and energy in preparation that you forget that the most important and essential step is action.
Action is where sacrifice is honoured and where you require persistence and courage to endure all that life throws in your direction.
Although a decision is often viewed as the turning point, it is action that creates tangible results.
Consistency in action is an essential component of success.
To achieve your dreams you must be willing to take massive action over a long period, even when there is no evidence of progress.
If you write it down, you can make it happen.
Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.
Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.
Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.
Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.
Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.
Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.
Leave behind the passive dreaming of a rose-tinted future. The energy of happiness exists in living today with roots sunk firmly in reality's soil.
When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.
Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.
Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.
The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.
A grateful mindset can set you free from the prison of disempowerment and the shackles of misery.
At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.
The value of a moment is immeasurable. The power of just ONE moment can propel you to success and happiness or chain you to failure and misery.
You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.
Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.
A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.
my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.
Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship's poison.
Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.
Today is Your Day to Dance Lightly with Life. It Really Is.
Friendship is thinking of the other person first.
To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world.
It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.
Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.
You and your purpose in life are the same thing. Your purpose is to be you.
Learn from your history, but don't live in it.
Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go. you are a part of everything.
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
Stop wasting your time looking for the key to happiness. the door is open and unlocked. just walk through it.
Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either. There's both sweet and sour in every day. So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful? Concentrate on the good.
Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life
All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.
... too much brooding, not enough doing.
The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.
Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone's life
The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.
What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.
The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.
The process of discovering your fearless self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern your freedom.
How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!
You would not want to be responsible for someone else's happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!
A truly radical resolution would be to embrace existence just as it is, as the only thing that matters, to proclaim that the world itself is heaven, made for our total enjoyment and fulfillment...
Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty weapon." ( Kym Douglas / Cindy Pearlman, 2006)
The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.
You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.
We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.
You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invicible host against difficulties.
The formula of happiness and success is just, being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can.
To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.
(the whole world is at thethroat of the world,everybody feels angry,short-changed, cheated,everybody is despondent,disillusioned.)I welcomed shots of peace, tattered shards ofhappiness.
Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few who stop to consider the antithesis; that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable.
The only means by which one could attain complete happiness is to avoid living in constant expectation of it. It's the expectation that causes our unhappiness and consequent bitterness about life
Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.
The more I understand the mind and the human experience, the more I begin to suspect there is no such thing as unhappiness; there is only ungratefulness.
Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.
Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.
Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.
She was like the sun, She knew her place in the world - She would shine again regardless of all the storms and changeable weather She wouldn't adjust her purpose for things that pass.
Happiness comes in many forms - in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else's dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It's okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.
It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.
If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.
We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker...
How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses
Why sadness was created?So we could rest from laughing.
If you really want to be happy, don't just go for the money. Go for the relationship that lasts. Go for things of greater value.
For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.
Even the smallest shift in perspective can bring about the greatest healing.
We live in a community of people not so that we can suppress and dominate eachother or make each other miserable but so that we can better and more reliably satisfy all life's healthy needs.
Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.
Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.
To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.
Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.
Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.
Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours.
You can enjoy a deep sense of satisfaction and happiness in life despite challenging circumstances. It's all in how you think about it.
Fate is the malevolent little jester sitting up in the heavens and pondering over how ridiculous we humans are and he does his best to make fools out of all of us. And sooner or later he succeeds.
Cynicism is the calling card of unhappy people.
Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. 
If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.
My scars tell a story. They are a reminder of times when life tried to break me, but failed. They are markings of where the structure of my character was welded.
At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen
The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles.
Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.
Happiness springs up from within. Do not seek it without.
No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people, if you don't love yourself then it can never be enough.
Jealous of the crazy gay kid. That doesn't sound right.""Hey, Sol," she said, her tone getting serious for a second. "Those are two things about you out of a million. Don't box yourself in.
Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can't hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn't me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.
You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.
Today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well therefore to this day.
Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.
Holiness leads to wholeness and wholeness leads to happiness.
Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Pick a sunset, and we'll ride off into it together.
Your beliefs have the power to unlock your inner genius or keep you from fully achieving your greatest potential.
If it is possible to die of grief then why on earth can't someone be healed by happiness?
Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.
When you are in a room with Kurtis, whether its one or a hundred he is the only person that matters.
No other thing or no other person is going to make me happy in life, I just have to do that myself.
Because what's lifeWithout happinessAnd where's happinessWithout risk
When a Wanderess has been caged, or perched with her wings clipped, She lives like a Stoic, She lives most heroic, smiling with ruby, moistened lips once her cup of Death is welcome sipped.
People don't get to choose their family, but if you have the family you would choose - that's happiness.
And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night.Its voice cracks,on your name.My eyes close,on your name.
I am who I am because the tears of my past have watered the magnificence of my present.
Meditation makes us happier!
The truth will set you free (The Bible)
Whatever one does, someone is always happy...then again, someone else is not pleased
Blame is the creed of the disempowered.
Life is a journey worth making.
-Do you think artists are supposed to be happy? -Everyone is supposed to be. -I said staunchly,and I knew that I was indeed an idiot and that was my destiny and I didn't mind it
Develop habits of self-love that allow you to feel happy and cared for. You deserve happiness and your actions every day should be giving you that. Make time for yourself to enjoy life.
There are no quick fixes in your life. If you want to live a happier life you have to make your actions happier every day. You need to be determined to make your life better if you want it to be so.
As you act with more control, compassion, and love, the lives of those around you improve. When you let yourself find happiness, your friends, family, and acquaintances will begin to find their happiness too.
Sometimes we forget to see the magic in the most simple things.
You know you became a leader when people start to copy you!
If you don't receive enough, have a look if you give enough.
Why are we miserable, when there is music?
You demand excellence and excellence demands your every move better
When we think of all the beatitudes in life, our heart shall be merry.
The heart knows what it feels.
Life should be simple and easy. If you're doing it hard, you're doing it wrong.
Doing the next "right thing" will always bring more genuine happiness than simply doing the next fun thing.
No, you pessimistic fool, I am saying that if we can find it in ourselves to be miserable even when things are actually pretty good then there should be no difficulty being happy even when there is gloom and doom all around us.
A simple act of kindness is happiness gained.
The difference between your friend and your best friend is that your friend asks, 'Are you are ok?' and your best friend asks, 'Do you want to talk about it?
Don't pay attention to people Who tell you can't do it at lenght. Trusting your own instincts Can lead to what's quintessential. Make their limitation be your strenght. You might as well contradict them And then reach your full potential.
It is true - I am creating the life that I want.
Be smart. You Only Die Once -YODO
Hope makes a merry heart.
I is a dreamblowing giant, the BFG said. (...) I is scuddling away to other places to blow dreams into the bedrooms of sleeping children. Nice dreams. Lovely golden dreams. Dreams that is giving the dreamers a happy time.
Sometimes it's not always straightforward, but it's not always confusing either. You just have to respect a person's decisions without disrespecting them.
Follow your heart, be happy forever.
Happiness is exercising the little freedom that we have by choosing things that create harmony in our lives.
Don't ever lose your smile. Don't ever let anything take away the joy from your laugh. You never know when the taste of laughter on the tongue or the scent of happiness in the air might save one's life.
Living life without a goal is like sailing the sea without a compass.
Grow your courage by remembering each day is a gift.
She felt wild and unruly, determined and free.
To have hope is to be happy.
Whoever said that money didn't buy happiness was a damn fool. A damn fool who'd never been poor.
There's no greater joy than being able to touch People's hearts.
...Past joys and achievements give us the outlines of how to get to a state of happiness again. That memory is a treasure that can never be taken away. At least we know where we were, what we have lost, what we miss and what more to add to our experiences.
Pursuit of contentment is not the pursuit of an elusive tomorrow; it is the celebration of today. In that, it is the pursuit to end all pursuits.
At the end of the day, what matters is our faith in humanity...
There is no worse way to abuse a man's patriotism than to estrange him from his homeland, be it his ancestral or adopted land...
Peace is a flame that can only be ignited from within. Harness positive thoughts and illuminate once again.
Whoever is content,shall be cheerful.
It is not how long the music last but how much we enjoy.
The harmony of soul with the spirit is Happiness.
Your problems will keep coming and going. It is in your interest to deal with them with equanimity and focus on finding happiness in whatever you do. Be the kind of person who says about problems-this too shall pass, and about happiness-it is my constant companion.
It is downright incredible that an extremely significant proportion of people make the wrong choice. But the good news is that we can course-correct at any stage in our life and get back on the path to finding true happiness and contentment.
Whoever is content, would be of good cheer.
Most of us respond with panic when we get what we want. The moment of victory is often the moment of greatest peril. We let success get to our head and start acting in over-confident ways. This is the beginning of self-destruction
The greatest health shall be happiness.
Seek happiness.
Let the tumult inside you, bring you peace and solitude.
A woman must prefer her liberty over a man. To be happy, she must. A man to be happy, however, must yearn for his woman more than his liberty. This is the rightful order.
Wise is the one who flavors the future with some salt from the past. Becoming dust is no threat to the phoenix born from the ash.
I know I'll never be able control what other people think. It's not my job to convince others of who I am. My only job is to be who I am. All I can do is find what makes me happy, and live it.
Haters can never rejoice especially when their enemy wins. The moment you can't be happy when someone wins, watch yourself. That habit is not good for you.
Your fate is never determined when your massive imagination is.
It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
You can'tassume i'min bad shapejust becausei've run out ofthe energy toimpressyou.
Advice to my younger self:1 Start where you are with what you have2 Try not to hurt other people3 Take more chances4 If you fail, keep trying
Positive thinking is powerful thinking. If you want happiness, fulfillment, success and inner peace, start thinking you have the power to achieve those things. Focus on the bright side of life and expect positive results.
Any day above ground is a good day. Before you complain about anything, be thankful for your life and the things that are still going well.
Life's a gloomy puddle, until you start jumping in it.
Some bow to the spirit of collectivism, while you ascend to the spirit of your own eclectic rhythms.
The fun part is finding which thoughts, in that crazy beehive of emotion, are the ones that mass produce the honey.
Pay attention to your goals and never let the euphoria of the early success convince you to brag about.
It was a gambler's action, but his whole life had probably been made up of gambles; it could hardly be otherwise in the outback.
You'd corner me in your conformity but even in dormancy i'm sleeping with enormity, stretching the belly of the earth & everything i was born to be.
I am a world of uncertainties disguised as a girl.
You're only as good as your last thought of yourself.
Don't change yourself for anyone, you may struggle a lot to do so... When you are completely changed, people wants the old one to get back again, which would be a difficult task ever for you...
Though no one can backtrack and create a brand new start, Everyone is capable of taking their life in a brand new direction.
The best piece of life's magnificence is your slice of internal peace.
At the end of the day, you control your happiness at peace.
Think good for yourself ,good will follow you.when you think good for others ,happiness will follow you and when happiness follows you, people will follow you.
When no possessions keep us, when no countries contain us, and no time detains us, man becomes a heroic wanderer, and woman, a wanderess.
What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature's course.
We mustn't let next week rob us of this week's joy.
The more happiness you put out into the world, the more will find its way back to you. If I can make one person's day better because of my actions, it's been a good day for everyone
The greatest gift of life is being wealthy with happiness.
No matter what each day brings -- the trials and tribulations that may cross my path, the turmoil, the ugliness -- when I look at this picture I'm reminded that life is precious and there is still beauty in this world.
The single greatest cause of happiness is gratitude.
Gratitude turns disappointment into lessons learned, discoveries made, alternatives explored, and new plans set in motion.
Those who are truly grateful are deeply moved by the privilege of living.
For the grateful, there is no room for disappointment; Each moment offers life.
Stop seeking their approval and validation. The only opinion that should and will ever matter is your own, nobody else deserves to have that much control over the outcome of your life. Do what makes you happy, fearlessly.
Life, is a chess game you win or loose, but just keep playing.
A little bit closer to the stars, anything seemed possible.
The secret to a happy life is simply your attitude.
Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.
Your life - and all lives - will be richer if lived with a open, loving heart rather than a closed, fearful mind
Alone, we are great, but together, we are better.
Let the song in your heart makes you happy.
Happiness is a choice. It's not always easy, but is IS always worth it.
You'll never get what you truly deserve if you remain attached to what you're supposed to let go of.
Smile is a talent, few don't have.
Do not delay your happiness, be glad in the moment.
She looked down at her bulging veins and she remembered the most important thing that she had forgotten - she was alive.
Love, they said, burns youand builds you.But with you, there's no ash.Just light.
Happy Mind, Happy Home
Knowing that you can endure a very difficult challenge offers a degree of confidence that the next challenge can also be endured.
Everything changes except the love.
Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity
Because I don't believe that you are a slave to what you've become. I don't believe that you simply can't.
While she could hardly fathom what had just happened to her that night, she reached some conclusions before she fell asleep, certain things now made perfect sense; Moon River didn't sound so syrupy, mistletoe wasn't such a bad idea, and perhaps dating was not such a frivolous waste of time after all.
Love is photogenic, it develops in the dark.
Marriages maybe made in heaven, but a lot of the details have to be worked out here on earth. 
I want to be part of your story. I want your story to rearrange the symbols in my mind. I want your voice to be my voice.
To love someone so deeply is to risk losing yourself forever. Once I admitted my feelings to him, there was no going back-no hope to ever make my heart complete without him
I've crossed a world of sand and tears in search of you.
Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger... it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.
He will one day meet his true love... A fellow traveler on the road... Her eyes will be his ocean... In her ocean he will sail forever....
A foolish man question: what is love? A madman answer: Love is an omnipresent attribute of human life. Our appetite will always be unfulfilled for love. It is better for us because without it, earth will not rotate, seasons will not change, birds will not sing and life will not exit. What do you think?
Love is not about lovers.
Love is not maximum emotion. Love is maximum commitment.
Always go after the girl. No matter what she says. Chase her.
I hated him, loved him, wanted him, and yet I wished him away. So many conflicting emotions of wants and needs. So much fear. Not because of him, but because of myself-of how deep my feelings and desires were running, and how much I would fall if I happened to lose my grip.
... fantasy is not practice for what is real-fantasy is the opiate of women.
I like to be somewhere at least where you can see a few girls around once in a while, even if they're only scratching their arms or blowing their noses or even just giggling or something.
Mark ran his fingers over the bindings and whispered words, written long ago, words that wriggled through the aged leather, trembled beneath his touch. What lives and loves, hopes and dreams, deaths and despair these volumes held.
I'll never love you anymore than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than Ido, right this second.
Did you let him know that if he can't see fit to return your blow job immediately, you will have no choice but to sue?
Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him?In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief.Love. Love was what drove him.
But there was a difference between being stuck and choosing to stay. Between being found and finding yourself.
You know what I wish? I wish I could put time in a bottle and throw it into the ocean. Then I would have forever to spend with you. I wouldn't need air to breathe or food to eat. Holding you in my arms would be all the food I would need. Having your love would be the only air I would need to breathe.
Mungkin kau harus berhenti memedulikan apa kata orang tentang dirimu.
Don't be jealous, be agressive. Make 2012 yours!
Sometimes you can cattle rope your heart and sometimes you can't, is all.
Bringing Thoughts 2 Life
We are only victims if we allow ourselves to be.
Mistakes? That's why they put erasers on pencils.
The features of character are carved out of adversity.
Love is not jealous.
I am 15 and you are 51, I know you are the best, to be loved by, everyone.
A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: "There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.
The reader is the final arbiter.
Love is what remains after the falling in love is gone.
Andheri escorts are waiting to provide beautiful service to you. You can get rid of Your tensions, personal worries and more.. u have lots of choices with our Andheri escorts girls.
Falling in love with you was not happenstance
Grief was an ocean. We were sitting in the middle of it on makeshift life rafts, never knowing if we'd make it to shore.
Imitations are not flattering. Nobody likes feeling like an option,
Linda Heavner Gerald received a silver medal for Fiction from FAPA (Florida Authors and Publishers Association)
Love is more than flirty feelings and fun dates. It's about what lives underneath the surface. The commitment you keep even when life gets hard and all the fuzzy feelings fade.
We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.
But dear, don't be afraid of love it's only magic.
Hang in there. It is astonishing how short a time it can take for very wonderful things to happen.
Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!
Everybody's damaged. It's just a question of how badly, and whether you're healing or still bleeding.
Go make your mark on the world. Be a world changer! Live bold for Christ no matter the cost.
Failure is a greater teacher than success
For what it's worth: it's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, and if you find you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.
Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air...but only for one second without hope.
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.
She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.
She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.
Its dark and I'm reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.
Life isn't just about darkness or light, rather it's about finding light within the darkness.
In some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation with all their scintillating beauty. 
I know how you feel because I've been there too. I've hated and I've loved. I've seen my demons root and crawl and my angels branch and soar. I've died within myself and lived a thousand different lives. I too fight the same war and I too am drowning in the puddles of self-consciousness this world created.
At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most.
Stability was overrated. Crises and adventures, on the other hand, could actually teach you something.
I've learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in
Now hollow fires burn out to black,And lights are fluttering low:Square your shoulders, lift your packAnd leave your friends and go.O never fear, lads, naught's to dread,Look not left nor right: In all the endless road you treadThere's nothing but the night.
Things doesn't always start out the way we want them to. It's how they end that's important.
but a sanguine temper, though for ever expecting more good than occurs, does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression. it soon flies over the present failure, and begins to hope again.
With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.
She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.
We are mosaics - pieces of light, love, history, stars -- glued together with magic and music and words.
I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.
How could I live above the water or breathe under it. How could I swim in darkness consumed in an ocean of you? Falling or flying towards you, losing or finding myself in you and beauty was never the word to catch all that you are. For now I know the means of the infinite and it all starts and ends with you.
Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story.
Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.
Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.
Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places. And they're just a matter of perspective.What changed my perspective, was her.
She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so...I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her.
Hope is the heartbeat of the soul~
When you get ill do not get nervous about it and try as much as possible to be hopeful.
Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.
I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.
...and we'll see what happens when we say Yes while this rigor mortis world screams No.
Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you're safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.
The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.
It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.
We're only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we'd hatch a passion of our own.
He who plants a tree, plants a hope.
this sounds a little simple, but I think if we didnt know illness we wouldnt really feel the exhiliration of good health. and if we never cried, we wouldnt be able to recognize joy. in a way, the good only gains value when it is contrasted with the bad
A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you've lost everything, there is hope.
When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing.
Two lost things that had survived the seas and arrived on a coastline. What did they do? They implanted themselves in the sand and grew into trees and lined the beaches. Sometimes a lot can come of being all washed up. You can really grow.
To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.
Stop counting your losses and start counting your blessings. Only then will you discover that losses are always easier to point out and count than blessings. And that your blessings will always outnumber your losses, for they are truly immeasurable.
The sun is still there... even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.
I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.
If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?
There is a trick to flying. The angels told me." He had smiled at my wide-eyed awe. "You need to forget everything you know as a human being. When you are human, you discover that there is great power in hating the earth. And it can almost make you fly. But it never will."I had frowned, not quite understanding him. "So, what's the trick?""Love the sky.
Despair is for people who know, beyond any doubt, what the future is going to bring. Nobody is in that position. So despair is not only a kind of sin, theologically, but also a simple mistake, because nobody actually knows. In that sense there is always hope.
Don't simply exist in this world, but grasp life's potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can. Make life historical-a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery-a challenging, bold adventure. Make life heartfelt-an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairytale.
For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted.
Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!
Chapters - Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn't mean the end of the book.
Live for the lovers, not the haters!
Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch.
To die,so young to die.No, no, not I,I love the warm sunny skies,light, song, shining eyes,I want no war, no battle cry,No, no, not I.
Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam
Wherever the hope of glory lives, hopelessness passes away.
Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. 
I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever.
Maybe the future is like rowing for shore. Your only choice is to try or give up.
When our dreams don't come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same.
You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future.because THAT only comes once.' VAALBARA The Land of Shadows
I am forever grateful for not knowing-What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.
It's like we have the bones of animals and the hearts of angels.
Move on, sky is not limit, wind can touch you, water can dip you, mother will care you, wife will nurture you and above all, oneday you will see your child following, up above the sky; you became a star, twinkling, watching and waiting to come back again, on earth.
What will happen will happen. There is time for miracles until there is no more time, but time has no end.
Give up isn't going to helpKeep going on will help
Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing.
Try to see the good in all things...
Darling it may be a long time before we see one another again. But I want you to know. Every time I've said I love you- I meant it. There's no two ways about it. The crew was talking about what's ahead of us, but we all agreed on one thing. We're coming back.
You can curse the moonCurse the day your're bornBut the pilot of your plane is youWe're all in this world, by a greater plan Look up, lift your wings, Because you canThe Light Said (The First Song album)
I wonder if it's like this for mountain climbers, he thought. You climb bigger and bigger mountains and you know that one day one of them is going to be just that bit too steep. But you go on doing it, because it's so-o good when you breathe the air up there. And you know you'll die falling.
Please don't take my wings...
In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.
If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.
Why wait? So precious is this life-this gift-this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.
Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible.
Take a chance..., change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today.
If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said thatevery mushroom cloud has a silver lining.
Your tears are my prayers.
And hope is but a dream of those that wake.
Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But...I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people.
It isn't true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives.
Hope comes not from the people around you, but from yourself.
From the mud of adversity grows the lotus of joy
Hope wasn't a cottage industry; it was neither a product that she could manufacture like needlepoint samplers nor a substance she could secrete, in her cautious solitude, like a maple tree producing the essence of syrup. Hope was to be found in other people, by reaching out, by taking risks, by opening her fortress heart.
We live in a time that hungers for HOPE; to believe in MIRACLES and DREAMS, for without these soul gems, humanity is ripped at the seams.
The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.
The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end.
Believe in the hope of your Life Illusion because this is the only real thing that you posses!
But, luckily, he kept his wits and his purple crayon.
It is better to hope less than to be hopeless.
the hope of a better future belongs to us!
Let's gather the world in a game of love with the goal of kicking our tears past Eternity & she'll kick the earth into humanity.
Why look so far?When it is so near!
Do not lose heart. Hang on to hope.
Those of us who read carried around with us like martyrs a secret knowledge, a secret joy and a secret hope: There is a life worth living where history is still taking place; there are ideas worth dying for, and circumstances where courage is still prized.
Happy ending aren't just for royalty. Happy ending are for all of us.
Whoever doubt, hardens his own heart.
Without hope, we lose heart.
The power within is strength of the spirit.
Every one at some point felt discouraged, it was our faithful companions, who lifted our spirit to find hope again.
Some people are like vacuums. They will suck everything out of you until there is nothing left of you behind
\with hope, you can survive any shock.
You see, if we have no hope, we have nothing
I stood in my garden as the rain poured down, eyes closed, and when I opened them I thought to myself how I'd never seen anything more beautiful. Green flashed before my eyes; trees, leaves and grass, glittering with raindrops, the tears of angels weeping with sadness and joy; green, the colour of love, to remind me why I'm here.
De bomen komen uit de gronden uit hun stam de twijgen.En iedereen vindt het heel gewoondat zij weer bladeren krijgen.We zien ze vallen naar de gronden dan opnieuw weer groeien.Zo heeft de aarde ons geleerddat al wat sterft zal bloeien.
You will trip up and fall sometimes. It doesn't take away from how great you are. You will not always say the right thing. It doesn't revoke the light within you.
The truth is that you may mess up a bit. Don't panic. Relax and remember to give your best and let the chips fall where they may.
Somewhere someone else's break-through is hinging on you simply knowing that you matter. So please, remind yourself of this truth every single day.
Don't allow anyone to shame you with your life story. Walk in your truth knowing that you are the better because of it. It is because of all the things you've been through that you are able to be who you are today.
Life is all we need.
What do you tell of yourself? Speak words of faith.
Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real.
You must remember that you were made so that the world might be graced with a brilliance that only YOU can display.
Other people will not always see our worth the way we wish they would. Sometimes our own loved ones won't be able to compute our true value. That doesn't mean you are of less value or worth. It means that they're unable to see you for the amazing wonder that you are and that's their loss.
Hope is a gift. Use it wisely.
I continuously see myself on an airplane that has unlimited fuel. I go here and there but can't stop. Always flying over my destination. I've come to realize I must jump off with my parachute on of course. That is how I'm viewing my life right now.Once I find that loophole than I've reached my destination to success.
How we give matters. If your thoughts & goals are selfish, than so be your fief. For it is through the heart that we prosper & through each other that we grow.
Many men are broken in spirit because of bitterness.
Some say only the most trustworthy & loving go through trials we don't understand. I say that it's only them who didn't let it change who they were.
Hope will get you through the day and love shall carry you through the night. A couple of life's pillars.
Whatever you are pursuing don't stop, or you will forever be wondering how it would've turned out. Even if no one else believes, never give up on yourself.
Hope is a tree of Life.
I wish I could tell you it doesn't matter. I wish I could hold you close and tell that you will be loved for what you do, that you are incredible and unique. I wish you knew how much you were needed, how much I miss you. I wish. You dream of desires and hopes, and that is why I dream of you - because you are my desire and hope.
You can recover from any injury.
Hang on to hope.
Hope is soothing, but it can become deceptive if we cling to it as the last resort against reality.
If you are alive, don't ever lose hope.
Do not give up hope.
Without hope, we are lifeless.
Hope is a joy of heart.
Give into hope, I say, for fear will only paralyze. It is better to life a life of love amidst the pain than a life of apathy.
As long as you have hope, you can survive any harsh condition.
My heartbeat shall be hope.
You have the freedom and the ability to decide what to do with your life, and that includes learning how to welcome happiness again. It's a conscious choice we each have to make, to emerge from the embers of profound loss and hopelessness, to become the fire that warms us, lights our path, all of it. We can embody that warmth and light.
Some situations are just like bad dreams, they're only unbearable while we're giving them our full attention.
Not a world I can give, but a peek of what my world looks like when you're in it.
When she smiles, the lines in her face become epic narratives that trace the stories of generations that no book can replace.
And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.
No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!
Embrace who you are and your divine purpose. Identify the barriers in your life, and develop discipline, courage and the strength to permanently move beyond them, and keep moving forward.
The sun never has an inferiority complex. It shines the same whether above or below.
You're only as good as your next thought of yourself.
You're only as good as you're next thought of yourself.
No matter how dark life can be, it's how we react to it that matters. Love & forgiveness instead of hate and fear, create in us a garden of healing.
Never give up hope, no matter how dark things may seem.
Dig deep & pull the roots of confidence from the ground of your being, standing firm in the raging storm until sunlight blossoms inside you.
Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.
I wish I could run into the world's arms. Linger within the spaces between nothing. I wish I could filter out of existence. To live quietly without dying. I wish I could be cherished by life itself. To speak and sing volumes without lying to myself.
All around us is a nothing that stretches on for infinity. We humans can barely comprehend that. If we comprehend it we are rarely pleased.
All that is required of you is an open mind and a little patience.
There is nothing to me but you. I know it's pathetic but, oh darling, it's true.
I keep dying and hoping you notice me. But you're too busy living.
My creativity keeps me from starving. Humanity keeps my life mundane. Loving secures my love for life, but my imagination keeps me sane.
The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It's the tender understanding that we're living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there's quite a bit of wonder in that.
I wanted to give you something that would last forever. Something that would surpass the world, that would still be alive and bright even after you passed away. Something beautiful. For your eyes and smile only. But I never found it. All I could give you is words. Words which were as fleeting as the heartbeats that shook my soul whenever you looked my way.
You're going to make it;You're going to be at peace;You're going to create, and love, and laugh, and live;You're going to do great things.
To everyone battling a difficulty or under attack right now, smile, keep your head up, keep moving and stay positive, you'll get through it.
I don't know when and I don't know how, but you'll get through this. And you'll kick life in the balls just as hard as it's kicked you.
As long as we have children seeking unrealistic dreams, anything is possible.
The hunger to know is the hope of search.
Love rekindles lose hope.
I'm not singing for the future I'm not dreaming of the past I'm not talking of the fist time I never think about the last
The trick is to learn from your mistakes, and have the courage to be true to your heart.
I know that the future seems hard and scary, but it will get better, I promise. It's time for you to move on. Get going.
So I'm biding my time, like a surfer waiting for a wave. I'm pretty good at surfing, as it happens, and I know the wave will come. When the moment is right, I'll get Demeter's attention. She'll look at my stuff, everything will click, and I'll start riding my life. Not paddling, paddling, paddling, like I am right now.
Love rekindles lose hope
Hope requires waiting. Waiting requires patience.
With enough 'ifs' we could put Paris in a bottle.
Fierce faith, hopeful heart
Hope can be the strongest if you believe it to be.
Without hope, I wouldn't even try. Hope lifts me to consider new possibilities so I can stay the course of my desire, no matter what.
Hatred doesn't need company. It stews in its own loneliness and can grow still. Love needs companions. Love alone is daunted. Love together is unbound and unrestricted.
Wait in expectant of the desired wishes.
Without hardships, how could we find hope?
We can escape any hardship with hope in our heart.
Seeing the mud around a lotus is pessimism, seeing a lotus in the mud is optimism.
Don't let past mistakes make you lose hope of achieving good. Some of those with the worst past have made a great future for themselves.
Keep a green tree alive in your heart, and a songbird may come to sing there.
Hope makes a gladden heart.
Faith is fruitfulness.
This is what the good guys do. They keep trying. They don't give up.
Not only do our trials become classrooms that teach us life's most profound lessons, they add joy and meaning to daily living.
Maybe people like us can't be happy. Maybe we're too damaged and the only thing we can do is to learn how to hate ourselves a little less.
Don't be afraid. Be focused. Be determined. Be hopeful. Be empowered.
I wish I could tell every single woman with depression or anxiety or who has gotten herself into a situation that she doesn't think she can get out of, that something life-changing could be around the corner. You just have to wait, it will come, this slump isn't forever.
Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
Sometimes it's easier to go on living, not even knowing who you are, when at least you know precisely where you are while you go on not knowing.
Always count your blessings, even if you have to count them through your tears
To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness.
Courage comes from a surrendered heart,a prepared mind, and a good conscience.
You were built for this moment.
If he's ever loved, if he's even been loved. if he even wants to be. But don't we all want to? Even when you think you don't want to,there's this feeling of waiting in the back of your head. Of waiting for that to happen. To know what it's like and to be swept away.
Kiss your scars. Fall in love with them. They ought to serve as life-affirming reminders-a lingering trace of hope. The only reason we have these scars is because we survived and are still here.
I often think of life as a great darkened room with a mammoth-sized tapestry fastened to a stone wall. I believe true peace can be achieved not in viewing the whole tapestry, but in accepting without bitterness those portions we have been afforded the luxury to see.
Hope is a bird that sings the songs of possibilities from the deepness of the heart.
It is better to sing songs of hope than to sing songs of misery.
Hope is the beautiful dream of the soul.
Hope shines like a candle in the darkness. Keep the flame alive.
Hope is the little bird that continues to sing the songs of possibilities in your heart when everything else says to give up.
Hope is a little candle that continues to flicker in the heart in the darkest moments of impossibility.
Hope is an all seeing eye that triangles the eternal humbleness in our existence. Hope is what makes us smile through our unwavering faith. When we hope, we organize our details to become conscious citizens of the world.
I can still choose to be a person who is kind and full of love, a person who extends compassion to her fellow humans and even if I feel like our country is regressing a little, even if I'm embarrassed of our leader I still have control over the kind of person I am.
the opening,the breaking,the falling apartis always so quick.the hurting,the healing,the putting back togetheris always too long.
Hope is the light in your being which enlightens your heart and makes it ready to sing.
Wisdom warns against desire, but there is power in wanting, power that can fuel the will and keep lit that precious torch, hope.
Life is like a tree, even if it is not always green, it still is colourful and beautiful.
Sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we're imagining it. Because it's the most painful kind of hope there is. By indifference . By death.
Life isn't about what you achieve but the emotions you get out of it all.
a spark begins a bonfire...be that spark".
We live our lives with hope, intentions, and actions. Without hope, there will be no intention. Without intention, there will be no action.
We are born with hope to dream and love to live.
Our imagination and hope become a reality if we have the courage to believe and take action to realize them.
Permit no one to define you by your mistakes or your past
Brace for the worst, hope for the best
I Love the Smell of Success in the Shadows of Failure.~Ayyaz Ameer Meo
Every seed dies before It grows.
Let love, joy, hope and peace be the guiding lights during this holiday season.
The world is waiting for you to seize the day and make the most of it! Who knows what could be possible. Keep dreaming, keep hoping, keep believing, keep doing!
Let love, joy, peace, and hope be the guiding lights of your life today, tomorrow, and forever.
Whatever your dreams may be, never dismiss them as impossible. Always hope. Always try. You just never know when things will happen.
If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live.
Don't be handcuffed by bad habits when you hold the key to unlock the greatness inside of you.
When wealth goes only happiness goes, when health goes even the hope goes.
To the wonders of all things, we fall and then we are reborn
Never let the occasional delays in your life dampen your dreams
Hope strengthens desire and love strengthens confidence.
With high hope and optimism, start swimming with time.
Without Courage, Hope is a Universal liar.
How can the sky be the limit if there are footsteps on the moon?
Just as we have been given hope, we carry that hope; and for as long as we carry that hope, we learn to spread hope; and as we spread hope, lives are inevitably changed, and saved. What beautiful meaning hope gives to life!
Fear is the poison that erodes resolve. And fear is not without a killer of its own. Hope.
Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.
They were not creating a mess. They were just slowly illuminating it.
Impian ituSekeras batu. Sejelas kamu.
Nothing remains forever, only thing that remain forever is romantically stupid word forever.
Everyone you have ever loved in your life becomes a part of your soul. They never leave. They're always inside you, and you can bring them out whenever you want.
I have nothing now but praise for my life. I'm not unhappy. I cry a lot because I miss people. They die and I can't stop them. They leave me and I love them more...
Please don't die.
In the end, we all lose it. Remember that. In the end, we own nothing.
Death is the reward for living
There is uncertainty in hope, but even with its tenuous nature, it summons our strength and pulls us through fear and grief- and even death.
Look at your own povertywelcome itcherish itdon't be afraidshare your deathbecause thus you will share your love and your life
Our essence is change. We are movement. Being out of balance is life. Perfect balance. Stasis. That is death. Life yearns for perfection. Death is perfection.
Everything we do really is just a little marker on the long road to death. And sometimes that's overwhelmingly depressing to me, and sometimes it makes me feel kinship and forgiveness. We've all got the same ending to the story. The way we make that story more elaborate, I got to respect.
He would find his Susie,inside his young son. Give that love to the living.
A penny for my thoughts, oh no, I'll sell them for a dollarThey're worth so much more after I'm a gonerAnd maybe then you'll hear the words I been singin'Funny when you're dead how people start listenin
In a world where everyone struggles to survive whatever the cost, how could one judge those who decide to die?
The dead has only one place to go. up. Wherever you bury them, they will go the same way, up
The painful truth about life is not death but death while you are alive.
We are only an instant, that's true. But we are eternal.
Of all the things I've ever done, perhaps none was more difficult than turning away from my beautiful girl and walking away, leaving her there, never to look back. But my friend Tom, my ever-faithful good friend Tom said, pointing down the hall away from Cec's room, 'Life's that way. Let's go home.'And so we did.
The sharp knife of a short life, wellI've had, just enough time.
Walking thru this graveyard, I realize times were never really hard. We live, we love, we let it go. The world ain't changed me at all.
A complete life may be one ending in so full identification with the non-self that there is no self to die.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
Most of us are naturally inclined to struggle against the restrictions our friends and family impose upon us, but if we are so unfortunate as to lose a loved one, what a difference then! Then the restriction becomes a sacred trust.
Once a thing is set to happen, all you can do is hope it won't. Or will-depending. As long as you live, there's always something waiting, and even if it's bad, and you know it's bad, what can you do? You can't stop living.
We all must face death and walk with it. But we also must love and live in it.
When I die I hope it may be said:'Her suffering was black, but her books were read'.
Let us pray now for the future dead. Though we do not yet know their names, we know that there shall be far too many of them.
What are you prepared to give for your dream? If it is not everything...stop pipe dreaming.
It is common to represent a title, but inspiring to represent a purpose.
Today is not just another ordinary day. It is an opportunity to do, or say, something that just might inspire someone to greater becoming...especially a wayward youth.
The Motto of Champions: If you are hurt, you can suck it up and press on. If injured, you can rebound and return bigger and better...and continue to inspire!
I would rather go swimming with great white sharks than wade in romance 'cause I can never find the courage to ask her to dinner or even to dance.
If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?
Tidak ada kabar adalah kabar, yaitu kabar tidak ada kabar. Tidak ada kepastian juga adalah kepastian, yaitu kepastian tidak ada kepastian. Hidup ini juga memang tentang menunggu. Menunggu kita untuk menyadari: kapan kita akan berhenti menunggu.
Be the winner in your life!
Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.
They are ever-changing. They are unlike immortals who stay young and beautiful forever-who have time under their control. Humans, they only have a few years to live, and yet there is beauty in the way time controls them.
Sunshine brings a new day,moonlight ends the harsh light.
My mother was a voice of reason, a reminder that they had to stay focused and fully assess the situation. Her composure calmed everybody; her strong manner inspired them. This, I realized, was how a leader behaved.
In the real world, you can make your own miracles
Inside the scrawny adolescent was a soul that defied extinction.
Remember that reading these quotes will not change your life. These quotes only work to push you in the right direction. You are the only one who can change you.
Miracle: to love more with an irreparable heartache
Everything is conspiring to make your life better, in all ways.- Sarah Rajkotwala
When Learning to "LOVE YOURSELF", you attract two types of energies: Lovers & Haters. Lovers should take you higher, haters should inspire. Both should give you fire to illuminate your environment.
Pain writes the words, sorrow wields the pen, tears wet the paper, and the story mends the heart.
Go to bed! Someone is anxious to come into your dream.
We all live in suspense, from day to day, from hour to hour; in other words, we are the hero of our own story.
Love is not blind, lovers can see what others cannot see.
Laissez faire, laissez passer.
Advising gives a great illusion of superiority
What we think about others is what others think about US!
There are only 2 things in this world, you and the rest of you. When this becomes 'one' you are enlightened.
If you can't talk about, write about it!
Be the decision, not ego.
Don't talk while having food was only meant to be in integrity with food.
Life is not a dress rehearsal. Finding love is all about taking a risk, taking control of your social life, and knowing that you won't waste today because tomorrow is a gift.
More often than not, an inspirational or motivational speaker is someone who makes money from telling us that we can do all of the things that we can do . and pretty much all of the things that we cannot do.
If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry.
Premeditated anger is a bitch. Instead of saying, "Next time he does this, I will ... ", say, "Next time he does that, I will show him more patience and more love. That's premeditative love. She's much sexier!
You don't need to be everyone, nothing is ever awesome than to be comfortable in your own skin.
Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.
We all have problems. Or rather, everyone has at least one thing that they regard as a problem.
I find that love is confusing, lust is always definitive.
Don't live the same day over and over again and call that a life. Life is about evolving mentally, spiritually, and emotionally.
Gratitude is only expressed and appreciated in proportion to your understanding of grace.
If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.
El reproche y la culpa solo sirven para aprisionarnos y para no dejarnos avanzar.
Some people take loyalty way too far. I have boundaries when it comes to loyalty. Yes, I'm loyal, but not to a fault. I cannot and will not compromise myself for other people's senseless behavior. I have common sense, a great deal of wisdom, and I value my life. Loyalty shouldn't cost you your integrity, freedom, or your life. Think!
A woman, she is born with the power to save and love, her existence is based on the truthfulness in her eyes.
Average is common. Excellence is rare.
Motivate Yourself to Inspire Others.
Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.
A life filled with excuses is defeated, unproductive, and miserable.
Learn more. Love more. Laugh more. Live more.
There's nothing typical about Genuine Love. To be loved authentically is to be blessed beyond measure. Only a fool would take advantage of something that so many people yearn for.
Stop looking to others for inspiration. Stop looking at past accomplishments. Be your own inspiration today and for tomorrow.
You already have wings, you just have to trust that you can fly.
We are here not to Make Money.We are here to Make a Difference.
If you are in hard times, ask yourself: What would this problem and my life mean to people two hundred years from now?
With discipline, you can lose weight, you can excel in work, you can win the war.
Anger gets you into trouble, ego keeps you in trouble.
Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.
What if choices were not viewed as right and wrong, but instead as just a variety of life experiences?
Respect cannot be inherited, respect is the result of right actions.
No tricks, no tools, but talent makes a task truly top class.
State first, subject second, statesman last.
Creativity without discipline will struggle, creativity with discipline will succeed.
Parents expect only two things from their children, obedience in their childhood and respect in their adulthood.
Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.
Cowards say it can't be done, critics say it shouldn't have been done, creator say well done.
During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.
If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.
Making a product is just an activity, making a profit on a product is the achievement.
Keep Moving Forward
Some of us can live without a society but not without a family.
Love is the power of a wise man. It is a net for a lover. It is a tool for a clever man. Love is a song for a singer.
The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
He who sacrifices his respect for love basically burns his body to obtain the light.
You are who you think you are.
What luck has gave you will probably leave you.
Wealth is not often a byproduct of hard work or superior intelligence, but often wealth is a byproduct of a purpose oriented abundant mentality.
When you were making excuses someone else was making enterprise.
Ignite your lamp of peace and enlighten the world from the darkness of hatred.
In united families, they might sleep with half filled stomach but no one sleeps with empty stomach.
You can take the Indian out of the family, but you cannot take the family out of the Indian.
In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.
Money is an important tool for modern life. Money will not make you happy, but you can use money wisely to enhance your happiness.
Knowing the man responsible for your success is in the mirror is a high that you can never buy
I have discovered that some people are wealthier than others not because of their superior intelligence but because of their abundant mindset.
Music is the fastest motivator in the world.
Yoga reveals to you the beauty of mindfulness and takes you into the essence of an endless present moment.
Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.
Yoga is the dance of every cell with the music of every breath that creates inner serenity and harmony.
Yoga does not always cure stress. It neutralizes it through increasing awareness and by changing self-perception.
Tie me with love, clip all of my feathers, and take me anywhere.
Paint your life with the magnificent colors of a joyful sunset.
If you don't know the direction in which you are going, the deep silence of you heart will let you know.
Life is a journey- not only to see the world- to find yourself, your place in the world, and your happiness.
I have decided to understand and spread love for peace rather than fight for peace.
Today-be the white clouds full of dreams and hopes in someone's sky.
Without a rest, test yourself against the best, and then try to find a way to be better.
If you have to fall in love, fall in love with the magnificent beauty of a sunset. That love will beautify yourself and your world.
Through my writing, I want to build an immortal fountain of love where everyone can come to dance and enjoy the colorful flow of joy and sing along with the music of love.
It cost nothing to be loving.
To create a peaceful world, inhale the love of life and exhale the beauty of life.
Yoga may teach you how to reveal your inner joy and inner beauties that beautify this world.
Yoga is a journey of the soul through the body that creates a harmony among nature, mind, and body.
You may not be able to control the whole world, but you may learn to control your inner world through yoga.
Yoga makes you harmonious with nature and teaches you to be joyfully curious about your inner world.
Yoga is not only a process of the integration of the soul, mind, and body for self-improvement, it is a process of self -realization and self -acceptance.
Create peace within yourself so that you can spread the fragrance of peace all around the world.
Hello winter! My heart is warm and ready to enjoy your cool loving touch of beauty and splendor.
When we truly care, we mix love, compassion, and kindness together in our hearts.
You cannot find love or demand love. You can only give it away and keep your window open so that love can come in.
You may not be punished for your procrastination, but for sure you will be punished by your procrastination.
Outer beauty is transient, but the inner beauty of a kind heart gets brighter with time. Be kind and get prettier forever.
Let all the love and beauty of our lives bloom like a flower reflected through our smiles.
O moon! I may not be able to reach you or touch you with my hands, but I will never forget to kiss your silvery twinkling lips with my lovely eyes.
To have a good business, always have a caring heart.
You become a better person by caring and loving other creations.
Don't find work, find an interest and do it with love. If you can earn a living doing something interesting, then you will never have to work.
Don't fear uniqueness. Fear similarities and acceptance. Create a new trend by defining yourself.
To be a great success, persistently plan and have a prospective and purpose.
Leave a legacy of love and kindness for this lovely world.
We never learn to value what is simple; what is difficult is worthy to us. But, the beauty of life is in the simplicity.
How much you love yourself will define how much you can love others.
Confidence comes from thoughtful action, reflection, and experience. Confidence does not come from reaction.
Why do you want to fight and win when you were born to understand and forgive? When you forgive, you always win.
Have faith in your own instinct and your own truth.
For an optimist, life is full of opportunity. For a pessimist, life is full of adversity. Life is what you think of it.
Love is the ultimate power. Never forget to use it to win over your enemies.
I love it when you're thinking of me. I can feel it in my heart.
Nothing else can explain love except love.
To reach your destination, follow the directions of your heart. It knows the way.
A closed conforming society is a sick society waiting to die from stagnation and inner illness. Only openness is the treatment.
Power is not powerful without wisdom.
The real reason a husband and wife always fight is because they always focus on the ugliness in each other and have forgotten to focus on the beauties that attracted them at first.
To be a success, all we need is a purpose oriented journey filled with love and persistence.
A courageous and determined person finds opportunity in every adversity.
To build a beautiful future, focus on your dreams and not your past.
To see yourself and others in the darkness, be the light of courage and enlighten them.
Find joy in simplicity and positivity.
Happiness is not found in serenity, tranquility or surrealism. It is found in harmony of thoughts, actions, and reality.
Surround yourself with beauty and positivity.
I am a fan of humanity and its all-encompassing beauty.
Train your mind to see the opportunity in every adversity.
I got so strongly addicted to love that I may not be able to breath without it. I fall so fondly in love with poetry that I read it in my dreams often and even unknowingly.
An uncultured mind often gets attracted by the extreme.
Poetry, romance, beauty, and love have no book value, but life has no value without them.
The most important duty of a teacher is to not only teach but to also inspire and enhance the desire for learning.
With love, accept what is happening. Don't shout at what should happen with anger.
Unconditionally love people for what they are not what they should be.
What is yours today, you will lose some day; nothing is permanent, so don't make it a big deal.
Those who lack courage, can't be kind for kindness is a state of courage.
Wisdom comes from the internalization and reflection of experience.
And yet, it is amazing that poetry often touches the heart even though it may not try to teach us anything.
It is not the loss that makes you a loser, but it is how you respond to it.
Success becomes worthwhile if it fills your heart with happiness and not with stress.
Stress does not come from problems. It originates from fear which comes from the anticipation of problems.
Courage is the vision that lets us see ourselves in the mirror of our fears.
All those we can love, think, or imagine are more real than those we can see or have seen.
How beautiful it is to hug someone with kindness when he is trying to hurt you!
If you try to find success in fame or in things, you will fail. If you find happiness is the process you will be a success.
Always keep your hand and heart extended to touch someone with love and kindness.
Choose to be happy. That is the only way to find happiness.
Love is the only highway to happiness.
I like to fill my heart with love so that I can give it away generously without emptying my vessel.
Best friends are those people who reveal to you what is wonderful inside of you, and you can all still laugh together.
A society becomes a breeding ground of violence and terrorism when it closes its door to new ideas and forces the citizens to live in the prison of conforming thoughts.
A poet often lives in an enchanted land where he sees things not with his eyes but with his feelings.
Life is not what happens to you but what you think about it.
Poetry is an art of expressing the unknown music of our inner feelings and emotions in our known language.
The best way to love a woman is to let her bloom like a flower so that you can enjoy her beauty without plucking her petals.
Language is artificial, but our feelings are natural, inner, and universal. There are many languages, but feelings are the same for everyone. We can only describe it in different ways. A poet tries to sing the song of these feelings in different tunes with different music mixing with the inner emotions of the reader.
Life is worth living because we find the ultimate joy of life through love.
We cannot see the best things in life, we can only feel them. A poet tries to describe those indescribable feelings in a language of emotions and inner perceptions.
Fear not! In life, problems are there to make you stronger.
What we have left behind is beautiful, captivating, and inviting. What lies ahead of us is magnificent and mind boggling.
Eyes are the mirror of your mind. Whatever you see, you see in your reflection.
With love, give up better for the best and without a rest.
Nothing can hold you back if your determination is strong enough.
I have enjoyed my company so fondly, I may not feel alone when I am lonely.
A woman is a blue sky with flying white clouds of emotions.
A person who has lost his power of love has become blind to the beauties of life.
Don't try to change the world. To find yourself in a new world, change your thoughts.
If you can believe that you can do it, the whole universe will conspire to help you.
Don't forget to appreciate yourself.
Oh my dear, no matter who you are, where you are, or how you are, I can hear your song. I can feel your pain, and I really care.
Respond to your inner instincts with enthusiasm.
The best treatment for stress, anxiety, and depression is to change your perception by knowing that all of this is coming from a fear induced illusion.
To inspire others, be an example and live by example.
To fill life with moments of happiness, be happy in the moment.
Often losing is better than winning. So don't fear to lose.
If you find a problem, don't complain about it. To find the solution, be curious and wise.
The journey through life is important, but what you learn during your journey is more important.
Poetry is the flower of life. It blooms to fill life with her fragrance of inner beauty.
True music begins when the song of your soul finds its tune and the emotions of your heart find their voices.
A great teacher not only teaches, they cultivate green fields to grow beautiful flowers to spread the fragrance of peace, happiness, and prosperity.
A poet is an unpaid laborer of a mine where he digs into the mountain to find rough diamonds. He then polishes them with his imagination and emotion to share with everyone.
At this moment, I have nothing to do or ponder except love and wonder.
A poem begins as an inner tune in the heart that beats with emotions and words waiting to be played with love.
What you see is not true, but what you think about what you see is the truth.
To live in bliss, love everything, including people, unconditionally.
When you love this world, this world becomes yours.
Poetry has its own unique language which every mind translates differently according to their own personal view.
Poetry is an art of telling the poet's own truth my bending and twisting it with his or her own emotional bulldozer.
Poetry is the truth dressed up with perceptions, emotions, and anxieties of expression.
Good intentions are the best business.
Even after thousands of years, I want to live in your heart with love, joy, and care.
Like a wildflower, poetry does not need explanation. It only needs to touch our emotions.
A poet is an artist that paints pictures by mixing thought, imagination, and emotion with words.
A poet is not an inventor. A poet is a player that plays with words on the field of human imagination to excite a reader's mind with the colors of emotion.
Love is so powerful that it can enter through a closed door and steal all of the contents of a precious heart within a moment.
The art of being wise is to respond to everything with kindness and love.
Most people miss an opportunity because they fear to knock on the door.
A generous heart filled with gratitude is a magnet for abundance.
Those who have a listening heart can hear the song of silence.
We start to create enduring happiness when we cease to complain about anything and try to find the remedies for everything.
A weak mind complains about everything and loves nothing. A strong mind complains about nothing and loves everything.
Three things will make you more powerful: the power of your non-judgmental love, your ability to forgive the unforgivable, and a heart that cares.
Express gratitude for every little thing.
Life is really amazing if we know how to fill our hearts with the beauty of life.
The greatest wealth in life is love. The greatest gift to give away is to feel the joy of life and is also love.
The secret of an abundant life is to expand it with more beginnings so that the universe can fill your world from many directions.
When we overcome the fear of death, we become deathless, endless, and infinite.
We all come and go. This universe is staying here with endless joy of welcoming and an infinite sadness of farewell.
With love, don't desire to tie someone down but to set them free.
After all, tomorrow will be prettier than today. It all depends on your choices and actions, and if you are ready to make it.
Turn off the light to enter into the darkness and enlighten the world with the lights of your being.
Chase Dreams, Not People.The right people will be drawn to you.
We fight ceaselessly to live or we live joyfully to fight.
I am ceaselessly waiting for you in the burning fire of waiting forever. It may not end today, tomorrow, or ever.
We may struggle and suffer or we may struggle and win, but the end always remains the end.
Until you take your first step, you will not be able to open the door to begin the journey toward your ultimate goal.
Every morning, the sun rises with endless possibilities that give you endless opportunities to begin again and to create a brand-new life.
Failure is not an option. Keep going!
Opportunity will not only knock on the door when you are ready, it will stand just next to the door to open it.
Your life becomes precious when you use your thoughts and actions to make someone precious in your life.
Make your life an inspiring story meant to be read in bed during a sleepless night of despair.
Tomorrow always comes with a new hope for a new beginning. After all, it is a new day!
An invention is a responsibility of the individual, society cannot invent, it can only applaud the invention and inventor.
Love is not an obsession or a delusion. Love exists in longing and appreciation.
A true professional not only follows but loves the processes, policies and principles set by his profession.
A professional who doesn't deliver as committed is not just lazy, he is a liar.
Good becomes better by playing against better, but better doesn't become the best by playing against good.
Women strive to be the change they want to see in the mirror.
Let someone else be the most powerful country, make ours the most peaceful country.
In any game, the game itself is the prize, no matter who wins, ultimately both lose the game.
It is the sweat of the servants that make their squire look smart.
Power does not pardon, power punishes.
In a democracy, there will be more complaints but less crisis, in a dictatorship more silence but much more suffering.
Texting is not talking and a phone is not a friend.
i am changingand i am loving change.
The purpose of a profession is to fulfil the personal wishes of a prospect.
A poor, who hates power, once become powerful, hates poor.
If your prudence stops you every time from taking an action, then you are no more prudent, you are frightened.
Hands can cook, hands can create, hands can kill. There is no better tool than our hands.
Hunger gives flavour to the food.
In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.
Diet food is not a meal its a medicine.
All worries are less with wine.
Some people when they see cheese, chocolate or cake they don't think of calories.
The salt is to the food, what soul is to the body.
A good food is mouthwatering when you see it and finger licking when you eat it.
We love our mother because she cares and also because she cooks.
i am soft again.there is water and it surrounds me.there is feeling and i can feel it.i am awake and aliveand swollen and heavy with love.i am changingand i am loving change.
A Rival Can Become an Important Ally If WE Find A Common Ground
Knowledge is NOT power. The correct application of knowledge is power.
You're perfect! You have everything you need to fulfill your purpose.
During your struggle society is not a bunch of flowers, it is a bunch of cactus.
In the business people with expertise, experience and evidence will make more profitable decisions than people with instinct, intuition and imagination.
Passion makes you good, but pride stops you to get better.
The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.
The mistakes of the world are warning message for you.
Gratitude is the root of all transformation and abundance.
Don't mention your move before you make a move.
The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.
Fear of failure is fiction, face this fact and fear will fall.
A powerful process automatically takes care of progress, productivity and profits.
In general, poor is polite and rich is rude.
Anything which you have in profusion is poison
Prudence is precaution, prudence is protection.
Most of the people readily accept the principle but resist its practice.
An assembly is extra slow in taking actions.
If where you are is worthwhile then where you are from doesn't matter.
For few matters you need to be solo, for some matters you need soul mate and for many matters you need society,
Hard work is vital to success. As long as it's in the right direction!
Celebrate Yourself. You are Unique!
There's usually more than one way to complete a task. I will not stay stuck in my ways. I will remain motivated and open-minded.
If she says goodbye, someone else will say hi.
Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.
Routine ruins the life, variety vitalise the life.
In modern times couples are more concerned about loyalty than love.
Civilians enjoy their time because soldiers sacrifice their time.
Before we complicated life with money, machines and missiles we did well with morals, manpower and meetings.
When regret and shame fades away, beauty will be in your heart to forever stay.
Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity.
The wrong man is not always wrong because of his wrong actions, often he is wrong because of no actions.
Words are better than weapons, wisdom is better than war.
Don't compare the size of your roof with the size of the sky.
Brilliance of the brain must be admired more than beauty of the body.
Uniform of a soldier and uniform of a student both are equally needed for the nation.
Simplicity saves strength.
Action achieves ambition.
Rich can live better than poor but they cannot live without poor.
i feel everything.i do not know how to un-feeland to not feelis to stop the sun.
My expectations for the future? A beautiful past.
i took it off.i did not want to carry it with me anymore.
May we always be burdened with thinking of the suffering of others, for that is what it means to be human.
Let your love be your guide. Let your courage be your driver, and let your passion be your road to enjoy this magnificent life to the fullest.
Education makes your maths better, not necessarily your manners.
Don't always use prudence for precaution, sometimes use it for progress.
Njoy Life to the extend, at which you make the moment and you live it
I'm Power Because LOVE is Power.
For life, it doesn't matter how much you earn and how you hold your different relationships, but what's important for life is, what kind of progress, you have achieved from inside, while going through different aspects of life.
Kindness rarely costs anything, but its worth is immeasurable.
Your life will reflect what you persistently think about.
Do not fear adversity. Win it over. It will make you wiser and stronger.
A smile is a flower of a loving and caring heart. Smile with love.
Life is a magnificent sacred journey of the soul.
Life is a magical game so play it with love.
Anxiety swarms in the heart like worms infect the whole body.
Kindness is the music that softens every heart and fills it with ineffable joy.
To begin life in a new way, forget to walk your habitual path, change your thoughts, and find a new way.
Through writing, an author opens the window of his heart through which a reader can see the inner self of the author.
Smiling heals the soul and fills the heart with bliss.
The best way to achieve great success is to learn from wise people. Use them extensively with love, gratitude, and humility.
A belief does not become a truth just because the whole world believes it.
Poverty comes from the poverty of positive thoughts and creative ideas.
Knowledge can be borrowed but wisdom cannot because wisdom comes from experience.
Animals are here to live their lives. We are here to live ours. We can live well without eating them. How pathetic it is that we have to eat a life just to live our lives!
Peace of mind is a perception of a calm and quiet mind.
It may not be prudent to seek new things, but it is wise to see things in a new way.
The best journey of life that you can take is inside yourself to discover your new thoughts, new ideas, and new hopes.
When this world is full of fashion, be unique by reflecting your own style.
Always recompense kindness with hearty love and gratitude.
It is more beautiful to be kind than right.
A baby is born with two great assets: love and hope.
There is no human mind. There is only a universal mind. We borrow it for the time being and try to shape it in our own way to make it unique. It is like owning a plot of land. We borrow it from nature and call it our land. We try to shape it, build on it, and cultivate it.
Let the power of your love change the world, but never let the problems of this world change the beauty of your love.
Life turns out to be best for those who tried their best.
If there ever comes a day when I'm not able to appreciate you, remember you will be in my heart whatever I do.
Never forget to be yourself, and never forget the purpose of your life.
The best way to live a stress-free life is to learn how to swim in the ocean of uncertainty.
When you were born, you were given a one-way ticket. You can never come back and visit your past.
If you are very helpful, no one may remember you, but never forget to be helpful anyway.
Do not try to be the best, but never forget to try your best.
There is no better revenge than a great success.
The best way to create a better future is to do your best at this very moment.
The best thing that life can offer is happiness. The best way to find happiness is through unconditional love.
How magical can a person be when she is blessed with infinite kindness?
Open your window with joy and allow all of the love come in to touch your heart.
Getting a new job will not change your life. To change your life, change your choices.
What you think repeatedly will happen almost certainly.
Forgiveness is accepting someone's faults with love and kindness.
Today's struggle will be tomorrow's strength so welcome it with love and courage.
Success is living life with all of its songs and melodies, triumphs and tragedies.
Success is a choice, not an option.
Be not perfect, be just and kind.
Desires move us from one station to another in this life while we search for beauty, love, and happiness.
Love street! This is the right way.
Life is as beautiful as the stars and the moon except when it is covered by the clouds of sadness and pain.
Unfulfilled expectations bring unhappiness. Comparisons fill life with meanness. Avoid both to fill life with joyfulness.
A flower is beautiful not because she knows what the new fashion is, but because she knows the desires of your heart.
While we are floating against the current toward the future, our minds stay behind with the anchoring memories of the past.
In your trembling touch of love, I lost my past, present, and future.
Your voice is so mellifluous that I can listen to you forever.
In the stillness of the ocean, I wonder at the dancing waves.
It is wonderful to dance with the moon under the twinkling starlight!
Those unuttered words of your smile can rewrite the history of this wonderful world.
A flower doesn't expect love. She is happy with herself. If she gets love, she celebrates.
Life dances on the moment.
Act to make your vision a reality.
When I saw you, I saw tears of love in your eyes. It tamed my fire of love and imprisoned me in a cage of desires.
Love is eternal. There is no greater power than love.
It is better to love and lose than to hurt and win.
Always love more than they deserve.
Even though she was soft and kind, her thoughts were strong like steel.
The object of art is to give life a light through which you can imagine and see the world.
Kindness has a power to change.
The object of life is to love endlessly.
To enjoy life, enjoy the moment.
Every memory becomes a golden treasure to us when we have lived our lives with tragedy and triumphs, sadness and happiness.
Failure gives you the experience and the wisdom to be a success in the future.
A fool thinks that he can cheat others, but a prudent man knows that he can only cheat himself.
Life is a wave of love in the ocean of humanity.
Expect nothing but be ready for everything.
Develop a conscience to live by.
Do not let the transient bitterness of the journey steal happiness from your life.
You are beautiful. You are unique. Your heart holds celestial love which flows like a mighty river through you to nourish the universe.
Go slow, my life, go slow. Let me enjoy the beauty of silence, serenity, and solitude.
Keep your heart and mind open to allow things to come in.
Your voice is the sweetest music and the sound of your smile is the ecstasy of my life.
You are your passion. Life is your ultimate mission so never forget to enjoy the adventure.
Life is meant to create memories not money.
Be the ocean of love so that everyone can come to you to enjoy the beauty of the beach.
When you are conscious, try to develop an acute awareness about the mysterious aspects of our being, our consciousness.
Consciousness is a state of existence where subjects are aware of their surroundings and can respond to its demands according to internal and external perceptions.
Qualia is an experiential state of the conscious mind.
All humans are sentient and sapient beings so they have the ability to perceive, think, and act using their knowledge, experience, insight, and conscience.
To enjoy inner joy and happiness, let us use our conscience to create peace and harmony in this world.
Give life a purpose to pursue.
To find the magnificence of life, count your blessings.
You solve a problem not by eliminating the problem but by changing the perception and awareness of the problem.
With my simple writings I want to change the mindset of humanity so that they themselves can create a positive new world where they can live with dignity and peace.
Do not let your problems prevent you from knocking on the doors of possibilities.
Inspiration is an inner string which must be tuned often in order to play it.
Don't fear to sing alone. If your song is right and melodies are touching, listeners will appear.
They told me it was impossible so I tried and failed. Then I tried again and again until I made it possible.
To enjoy the greatness and magnificence of life, lose yourself in the ocean of love.
Like the waves in the ocean, life changes every moment.
Life is reflections of our thoughts.
Dream more to live more.
Time is always ready.
When life gives you pain, give life your unconditional love.
Be yourself. That is where you should always be.
Even though life is finite, the universe created you with infinite love. Celebrate your birthday with infinite joy and create endless memories.
Love everyone. Good people create an impression and not so good people teach you a lesson.
To be rich, don't try to earn money. To grow abundance, never forget to cultivate your mind.
If you want to fill your life with abundance, never forget to give away something with love.
I am a gardener of thoughts, and my garden only grows flowers of love.
True kindness is evidence of true courage.
The best secret of success is to always be ready to find and open the door of opportunity.
Debt is great source of inner unhappiness.
The most beautiful thing that you can show people is how to reveal their own beauty to themselves.
It is always easier to find fault and criticize than it is to find beauty and appreciation.
A smile is infectious and contagious. Pass it on!
A new universe is born whenever a new baby is born.
Success depends on your choices and actions.
Wisdom defines your value-not your wealth.
Life is boring when everything is perfect. Life is exciting and joyful when we continuously adjust and change to overcome the imperfection in life.
Keep your mind free and independent even when someone wants to imprison your body.
A writer illuminates the lights of her heart so that everyone can see themselves in the mirror of her thoughts.
Never imitate, but never forget to emulate the best.
To enjoy life at its best, be an epitome of style and elegance.
To eradicate blindness, let us expand our vision. Let us dream and take actions to make blindness a history from the past.
To eradicate blindness, let us create opportunities for everyone to get an education.
In summer, we grow younger and stay young forever.
A true friend is a person that will shout at you when you're wrong, hold your hand when you fall down, dance with you during the good times, and stay with you during your ups and downs.
To attract pure love, love yourself passionately.
Life is finite so celebrate your birthday with infinite joy.
Listen to the whisper of nature and sing along with love.
Don't fear to be unique and reveal your own color.
Suddenly I can't think of anything except you!
Never set limits when you are loving someone.
I believe you can only be lucky if you start out beingvery good
But there was no time to rest on my laurels.
There's not a single good thing about fear. Fear is a habitual liar and a destroyer of a purpose-filled life. Don't entertain fear. You've got to protect your dreams, goals, and the desires of your heart. Be brave in all things!
He walked out without his money.The lesson to me was clear: hold onto your integrity at all costs. Never compromise on that.
When we set expectations and nourish them with appreciation, we will get better results.
Life is beautiful so it encourages me to smile. I smile at life to make it beautiful.
Do what supports your long-term goals not what is easier.
The greatest duty of life is to find the ultimate purpose of life. The second greatest duty is to put a laser focus on it and take action.
Accept the challenge and never fear to change.
What other people think is important to them. What you think has great importance to you.
The greatest obstacle to success is the fear of failure.
Our eyes are as open as much our minds are.
To win, expect to win. Expectations create reality.
The only person you should compete with is you.
What you love will live in your heart and grow.
Even if you cover the whole world with darkness, you can never stop the sun from rising.
Great minds find beauties and appreciate it. Average minds find commonalities and compare. Small minds find the problems and criticize.
Faster is fatal, slower is safe.
A cynic always focuses on problems and not on possibilities.
I see who I am, and I am beyond who I was.
I have no time to look back. My heart is dancing in the present moment feeling the joy of life.
There are many roads even though you have only one destination.
Let us measure time not by moments but by memories.
Like a caterpillar, when you feel that your time is over, you may reach infinite light with infinite joy.
If we fear to open our eyes during the day time, we will complain that life has nothing to offer except darkness.
What is the value of money if you have no time?
Always keep in mind how you can best use this time that you call life.
We gain freedom when we learn to overcome fears.
To enjoy a moment, you have to love and appreciate it.
Everyone is looking for approval and appreciation even when they ask for criticism.
LOVE is, can, and will.
If you have to criticize, do it with deep understanding and love.
Never fear criticism. Use the information to grow your thinking power.
The fear of criticism stagnates the power of creativity.
When you are loving, kind, and appreciative, you can help change others without using criticism.
When you are angry-stop, breath, relax, step back, think, and forgive before you react.
Mindfulness is living in the moment without judging it.
When you can give up approval and appreciation seeking behaviors, then you will become true to yourself and the universe.
You don't have to be beautiful to have a beautiful life.
It brings tears of joy to a teacher's eye when the student becomes a great success.
You can't control the universe, but if you learn to practice meditation and mindfulness you may be able to control yourself.
To get dividends from life, invest in yourself.
A great teacher plants the seeds of greatness in the minds of future generations.
If there are no great teachers, how can we expect a great future?
A great teacher is the architect of a great future.
More often than not a young couple stays in the same relationship, but they walk in different directions.
The practice of mindfulness is nothing more than focusing on the current moment.
When you focus and accept the current moment with love, faith, and joyfulness, you are practicing mindfulness. That is better than controlling the universe.
When you practice mindfulness, you bloom like a flower.
A great teacher not only teaches, but they also encourage and appreciate improvement.
A great teacher is one that helps their students to become great. In return, the students appreciate the teacher for their success.
When you are angry, don't react. Respond with consideration, kindness, and love.
What we are doing in this moment is what matters the most. Be mindful.
When we are non-judgmental and mindful, we find peace in the moment and the moment becomes blissful.
Whatever you love unconditionally will become yours.
To live in infinite bliss, practice mindfulness and live in the moment.
Heaven in not out there, it is in your blissful heart.
Never criticize. Remember that no one deserves it more than the one who is criticizing.
Appreciate every little improvement. Forget to criticize every failure as long as you are learning from them.
Like our muscles, our thinking power grows when we struggle.
Anyone can criticize. It is important to be a person who can appreciate and show the way to betterment.
A good writer is one that can see the goodness in others and helps them to be better.
Confidence is the beauty, kindness is the charm, style is the uniqueness and fashion is the mask.
To create an inner peace of mind, be humble, gentle, harmonious, and kind.
To find inner bliss and happiness through yoga, learn to accept things as they are by changing your thoughts.
To enhance your inner beauty, harmonize your mind and thoughts with nature through meditation.
Sing a song of love with all of your passion and compassion. Let it reveal your inner beauty.
Once you enhance your inner vision with deep meditation, you may be able to see your inner beauty and inner universe.
What you feel is making sense could really be dramatized nonsense. So think again.
Attract and get attracted to that which is your ultimate purpose.
When you love with your heart and soul, then you long and belong. How could there be a separation?
To add more power to your light, don't fear the darkness of the night.
Faith has power in it. More often than not, faith can create miracles.
Innovation is finding the door of opportunity and revealing its beauty.
Your mind is the key to opening the door of opportunity.
Our abilities are reflection of who we truly are
Come slowly over the hills and valleys to touch my soul, feel my heart, and vanish in my joy.
Yoga not only allows you to learn to control your breathing, but it ultimately enhances your abilities to harmonize your thoughts and enhances your inner beauty.
Use meditation and blissful perceptions to create inner peace and world peace.
Fall in love with all knowing manifestations of one. You may find those connections between you and all through yoga and meditation.
It is good to focus, but never forget to look around. If you focus on the wrong target, you may miss seeing all of the beauty around you.
With yoga, you go back to your source to bloom again with joy and inner peace.
When I was earning, saving, and spending, I felt poor. When I started to give away some of my earning for good purposes, abundance filled my heart.
Yoga is a journey toward your inner core to find your inner bliss.
Through meditation we can channel outer energy to create inner calmness and peace.
Meditation is a great tool which can be used to create harmony between the inner subconscious world and the outer chaotic world.
Appreciation is the best currency to encourage someone do something for humanity.
You create the possibility of reaching your desired destinations if you have the courage to begin your journey.
Belief and faith have nothing to do with each other. Beliefs are the manifestation of fear whereas faith comes from courage.
A true writer has a moral duty to uplift humanity.
To understand humanity, you must first understand yourself.
Unnecessary violence against animals is a heinous crime. Be a voice for those who do not have one.
The longest journey is not the journey from Asia to Antarctica, but it is the journey to know yourself.
Learn to adapt like a bird. We can only dream of flying but the bird has already grown her wings.
To expand your wings, be persistent in learning new things.
To fly deep into the sky, you have to expand your wings by learning new things.
What you persistently think becomes your reality.
Love not because you have to attract someone, love because you have an abundance of love in your heart.
Feel special, because you are.
Faith is a bird that sings songs of the heart.
A friend is a bird who can sing along with the songs of your heart.
With the wings of imagination, don't be afraid to fly.
Love is the essence of life and ultimate attractive energy behind all creation.
If you become a singing bird, I will be the listening sky so that I will never miss your song.
Love is the beauty and ecstasy of life.
A writer fills the paper with the pictures of perception, experience, and feeling of real and imaginative lives.
True friendship is a house where we can take off our masks.
Kindness is a magical magnet which can change your heart and perceptions without actually touching you.
Oh my beloved friend! In your mirror, I see my reflection again and again.
To win, depend on your thoughts and actions but not on circumstances.
A teacher can change a life just with appreciation and love.
The best teacher kindles the fire of knowledge with appreciation and love of students whose hearts so eagerly desire to learn.
Every morning, appreciate the golden glowing sun for giving you life. Every evening, appreciate yourself for making the world a little more joyful with your lovely presence.
I can hear the songs of your eyes, I can feel the warmth of your glowing cheek, and I can get lost in the smile of your soul.
Give away yourself for the benefit of others so that they will feel abundant.
Thoughts of love are such a nice way to start a day.
When someone tries to make you happy, that is a true sign of love.
I wonder how you will feel if I hug you with great love and care
People who are loving are kind, and those who are kind become beloved.
I sail on the ocean of possibilities with the wind of hope and the current of desires moving me to the shore of uncertainty.
Love has power in it. At the end, it wins over all miseries.
You are brighter than the sun, prettier than a fresh flower, and sweeter than any chocolate. Your songs are always humming in my heart. I wish you a sweet sweetest day.
Nothing can contaminate the purity of my love-not even the dirt of hateful thoughts.
Love is the essence of life. Without love, life does not make any sense.
The imagination is the voyage of our thoughts in the endless ocean of the mind that searches for the splendid beaches of happiness.
We may not know where we are or where we are going, but we have to go.
Education is not only filling the mind with knowledge, but it is igniting the candle that enlightens the mind.
For all of my life, I am digging deep in my heart to find the liquid gold of love to share.
For I am a drop of water, I may change but I will never vanish in thin air.
A child's laughter is one of the most beautiful things on this earth. It can fill the whole world with passionate joy.
A lover becomes a light when he or she enlightens world of someone.
No one can trust you until you can trust yourself.
Greatness begins where mediocrity ends.
To overcome fear, do what you fear the most.
On October 14th, the sweetest thing happened to me. On that day at sunset, I met you by the sea. It was that day I found a great purpose and a wonderful reason to be.
Whatever you do, never forget to love everyone around you.
Pain is a pleasure in disguise.
Fame is an epiphany of bubbles that are transient and pugnacious.
The main reason to love is not to find pleasure but to fill our hearts with love.
Those who are loving become beloved.
The breeze at the beach has a secret song in her heart which always lures us back.
I would fly to the moon with my wings of love so that I could express my lifelong admiration of you.
If I had the choice, I would sing only love songs.
When everyone wanted to be successful, I wanted to be resourceful so that I could help everyone to be successful.
Every one of our thoughts needs freedom and space in order to bloom and express beauty.
Every action either teaches you or blesses you.
Music has infinite power to reach the gap between the heart and the soul to create infinite and ineffable joy.
No civilization can thrive or survive if it refuses to adapt or change.
Art is an expression of inner perception as an outer reality.
For true liberation, you do not need to fight. You simply have to change your thoughts and drift away from conformity, comfort, security, and certainty of life and embrace and enjoy the possibilities and magnificence of the uncertainty of life.
You don't exist in the past or in the future. You only exist in the present moment.
It is uncertainty which fills life with beauty, excitement, and joy.
If not love, then what? If not now, then when?
Problems are perceptual illusions.
Be conscious of your pleasantness.
In the process of letting go, we create abundance.
A complaint is a compliment of negativity.
Never let anyone steal your passion and calmness without your permission.
To love is to let someone live in the goodness of your heart.
Teaching is not only a profession, but it a is a purpose of a great life.
Every tragedy and triumph, every win and failure have made me who I am.
Simply by changing our thoughts, we can sow the seeds of happiness in the garden of our minds.
There are no wrong people-only the wrong expression and the wrong perception.
Don't wait for a vacation to enjoy life. Start to enjoy it now, today, wherever you are.
Nothing comes to our lives without a purpose. Accept it with love and kindness and learn from it.
Don't resist. Accept it to create memories, and then let it go.
When you face a great problem in life, don't get scared. Consider it a great adventure. Ultimately it will shape your life with charm.
Your biggest failure becomes your best teacher.
The breeding ground of fear is procrastination and inaction. We overcome them not by preparation, but by taking action.
For an adventurous life, seek not security. Dance with uncertainty to create magnificence and beauty.
Shatter your pride in dust to vanish into the joy of longing and love.
Keep calm and let your heart sing the song of kindness.
Those who possess nothing and yet enjoy everything have no fear of losing anything.
Shine like the sun in a gloomy sky.
You like a person not because of what they have but for what they truly are.
hold company with yourself so sacredthat even when you are alone,you are whole.
i over love.i under love.i am either a floodor i am nothing.
do not let anyone inuntil they love you so fiercely,you have no defense against their love.
If you are a tree, smiles are your flowers. Bloom endlessly.
you giver of light.you lover of love.you beautifulbeautifulhuman beingyou.
In the end, we always regret the life we failed to live.
you have outgrown this skin.stop trying to hold it in.stop trying to hold it together.let yourself break.
you wanted it all to make senseand you wanted the most complicated answer,but the answer is simple.just be.
remember you are capable of the most powerful thing in the universe.you are capable of love.
love yourself first,and you will always be in love.
no one needs love from youmore than you need love from you.love yourself first,and you will always be in love.
there's always been a little sadness inside my happiness.i've never been able to separate the two.
things keep falling in and out of place.this is the universe's way of taking care of me.
there is a difference betweenloneliness and solitude,one will empty you andone will fill you.you have the power to choose.
Stay simple like a candle, and never forget to enlighten the world.
If life is for love, then start loving at this very moment.
Don't complain. Be a good person in this wrong world and transform it.
Can you stop smiling when you see a smiling face? Infect everyone with your smile and love.
Your greatest contribution in this world is not what you have but who you are.
Why are we afraid of the silence that ensues after our death? Wasn't it the same silence we endured before birth? Isn't it the same silence we revel in when we are completely immersed in the present moment? Let us not be afraid.
To fill yourself with bliss, today is the best time to start loving yourself deeply.
You will not be able to find outer calmness if your heart is carrying a storm.
To enjoy the beauty of the world, don't try to fit in. Try to fly out of your perceived boundaries.
love is myself in the mirror.i will see love every time.
To fill your world with happiness, fill your heart with happy thoughts.
To find beauty all around you, fill yourself with self-love.
Always act as if you are living the epitome of a magnificent life.
Meditation is the simplest process through which you can create harmony between the body, mind, spirit, and nature.
When you find a best friend, you become two flowers blooming from the same bud.
A baby is a smiling, dancing moon in our hands just waiting to touch our hearts.
Oh mommy! You are my world, my love. I am your little boy, and I stole your heart.
Loving what you do gives you the ultimate joy of life.
In the deep shivering winter, I can feel the joy of a dancing summer in my heart.
Before believing something, check the facts. False beliefs can infect and affect the mind.
To find wealth, we may not need to mine for treasure if we learn how to mine between our ears.
If you smile with passion, you will become a model at your very own fashion show.
Just like you can't reap a harvest without planting seeds, so you can't get without giving.
The only impossible task is the one which we fear to begin.
Wash your life with forgiveness and fill it with kindness.
The more you smile, the more reasons you will find to smile.
The source of infinite wisdom in this infinite universe is that you are blessed with infinite love.
We are here to know the unknown, love everyone, feel the joy of life and then we parish with infinite happiness.
The beauty of a loving smile has a timeless freshness.
Love imprints a memory on the heart that no one can erase.
Your truth is what you can make your own mind believe. Be careful! Believe only that which is your truth and not that which has been said to you.
Every morning the sun rises with a golden glow to reveal the ineffable magnificence of life.
Beliefs can be dangerous viruses that can infect and affect a whole society, a country, and even a whole world.
Beliefs are often imposed or spontaneously created thoughts that cannot be supported by facts.
You are so beautiful and bright. I can only see you in my dreams. When I open my eyes, you vanish into the sky.
When the magical lights of love touch your heart and soul, you and your world become magical.
I came here after billions of years to touch your heart with my purest love.
Friendship is a poetry of life that is written in two hearts.
Friendship is a magnificent art of life that is drawn by two hearts and two minds.
As a human being, our abilities are unlimited. The only limitation is the mindset.
When you get lost in love, you become oblivious to oblivion.
A formal education will teach you how to conform with society. Self-education will teach you how to get out of conformity so that you can fill your life with adventure and beauty.
May your life shine like the morning sun.
If you fail in life's journey, just don't complain. Make it a part of your journey.
I am not alone even in solitude.
I love brooding in a bucolic valley about your endless compassion.
Remember, no one can design your life, only you can do that.
Life is so fleeting. I am so busy enjoying it that I have no time to get angry.
The darkness of life cannot hide the light of kindness that shines from the heart.
If you want to do something better, do it with profound love.
For thy love, I feel ineffable joy.
My life is filled with ineffable miracles.
It is better to be a pragmatist than a lunatic.
I wanted to know the denouement of your life story. I have no interest in the narrative.
Focus on the denouement of the purpose of life and act on the narrative.
A picture is a fleeting moment of life preserved on a canvas.
Life is magnificent and vivacious, but it is also fugacious.
In my dreams, I heard your mellifluous voice. It slowly woke me up from a deep sleep so that I could enjoy the magnificence of life.
I have been a refugee for the last forty years in the luminous land of opportunity. Still my heart is aching with hiraeth for my native land.
Don't let your disease become your identity.
Control your thoughts and everything will be under your control.
No one is poor who has an abundance of love to share with others.
Happy people think about how to help others and not how to get from others.
A true dreamer dreams when he is awake.
It is the journey that is important-not the destination.
Oh my dear heart! Be courageous and never fear to love.
It is adversity that often creates beauty.
When you open your heart, only then will the light come in.
Your eyes are so comely that I can't turn my eyes away.
I am deeply in love with you but you are so ethereal. I may not know how to touch your heart.
A great artist paints a picture on the canvas of his mind using the colors of his love and imagination before transferring the image onto a real canvas.
When an artist paints a flower, she borrows the beauty from nature and adds fragrance from her own heart.
A painting is a universal language which everyone can read, understand, and interpret in his own way through the power of imagination.
Every event creates a memory in the heart; photographs remind and reinforce that memory in the future,
A photograph captures a moment for eternity.
A baby's laughter is the sweetest music that touches every heart.
Everyone has greatness in them! To bring it out, we just have to empower them.
It is hard to think differently. To change your world, change your thoughts.
Nothing is more beautiful than beauty of a kind soul.
There is no life without change. The real tragedy is that we are always fearful of change and resist it vehemently.
A good person always find the goodness in a bad person.
Wake me up with the touch of your love.
Learn from your past, use the possibilities of the present moment, and let the future open the doors of opportunity.
Through pictures, we can imagine and visualize the reflection of the beauties which our eyes can't see.
You made me limitless by creating me again and again.
The power of intention can open the door of opportunity and transform a valley of trouble into a triumph of joy.
If you want something new, then come up with a new idea and take action.
The ego says, win the world to find peace. The spirit says, win yourself over to find peace.
Respect your voice. Be a voice for those who do not have a voice.
Darkness never lasts forever. Morning always comes with the lights of love to brighten our future.
A thing is never learned until we master it.
Be courageous. Always be a voice for those who are oppressed.
Leave footprints of love and kindness on the seashore of humanity.
If you can love yourself deeply, you will never feel alone.
Kindness is soft and humble like water, but it is the ultimate power of life.
When you fill your heart with love, life becomes abundant.
Wealth is a byproduct of positive, wealth-oriented thoughts.
Writing isn't only about a completed piece of work.It's about the writer you're becoming while creating.
If someone is copying what you do, Congratulate yourself for inspiring that someone to follow your footsteps.
Every birthday comes with a great purpose and without our knowledge, it makes us wiser.
A dream is like a first draft. No one will ever see it but you.
Every morning, wake up with the warmth and the light of the rising sun in your heart.
you're going to love your way out of this.out of the hurt.out of the pain.you're going to love your way out of it and be free.
You must possess Passion along with having a very strong no-fear spiritual belief in order to gain true success in life.
You can't look at someone and tell what they've been through. The scars that hurt the most are never visible on the surface.~Caillen, page 243.
I live on remnants of dreams
SUCCESS in WRITING occurs when your DREAMS are BIGGER than your EXCUSES.
I wish for you a goodnight of sleep, sweet dreams, and a smiling morning.
I wish you a very merry Christmas filled with abundance and a magnificent magical New Year.
Have a magnificent holiday! Celebrate as if holidays are a reflection of your dreams, desires, traditions, and values all wrapped in happiness and joy.
The smallest act of kindness makes you more beautiful than any expensive dress or make up.
A person can be so beautiful when the heart is filled with love and the voice shivers with kindness.
Kindness is the best form of justice.
You are my best present and ultimate purpose of life.
On a cloudy day, be the sun in someone's sky.
Change is fearful, but at the end it is beautiful.
Intelligence does not always define wisdom, but adaptability to change does.
Your life is unlimited because you are blessed with infinite power of love and kindness.
Every morning, introduce one positive thought into your mind. Be persistent with it until it becomes your habit. It will change your life.
In summer, a soothing warm breeze on a beach is the most soothing music for the soul.
Every day, do one thing to help someone without expecting anything in return.
Oh my beloved life, wait a bit at my window, go slowly, and let me enjoy it to the fullest.
I am truly not an axiologist, but I am concerned about the value of life in all of its forms and shapes.
As a rationalist, pragmatist, and a scientist I rarely involve myself in the cosmological arguments of the creation of the universe.
Time is your weapon, If you lose it, you will lose the battle.
I don't own anything, but I have everything.
I am as abundant as the universe because I am a child of the universe.
If you have realized how powerful a simple act of kindness is, you will never be rude.
The real tragedy of life is not the fear of darkness, but it is to conform and follow the darkness in spite of fear.
Courage is the ability to take bold action in spite of fear.
Be a person that radiates happiness with her every movement and enlightens every place she goes with her smile.
A wise person is like a lighthouse. We are looking for their lights and follow them when we are in danger.
A smile is the light of personality.
Every heart is a universe within its own galaxy that is ready to accommodate many others in her immeasurable depth.
stay curious and stay the brave, strong, unrelenting soldier of love that you are.
Never dwell in resentment, but never forget to learn from the reflection.
Go relentlessly in the direction of your ultimate purpose of life and that which makes you happy.
A good story is always written with the tears of tragedies and triumphs, and the love and kindness of our lives.
Every human being has to build a secret temple in his soul where he can shelter himself and find himself again and again.
Let me be one of the people who writes their life history, not with ink, with the colors of a caring heart.
This world is the playing ground of our thoughts and imaginations which create our perceptions.
To make it a habit, do it again and again until it becomes a ritual.
That which is essential for life, can never be bought.
Achieving a goal is important, but what is more important is the distance that you have to travel with its ups and downs, fears and failures.
If a goal is only success oriented and not happiness oriented, then it will fill your life with stress, anxiety, and frustration.
In this modern world it is easy to be complex but difficult to be simple. At least try to keep your mind simple.
Knowing your ignorance is better than your knowledge.
Let us imitate nature-not each other.
To begin a new journey is never easy, but we have to start somewhere to reach a new destination.
To enlighten the world, let your light of love and kindness shine as bright as the morning sun.
Live with boldness! Get drunk with all of the beauty of life.
Life is a piece of art drawn by love on the canvas of hope with the colors of desires, wants, and needs.
How often must I get lost in a strange land of fairytales so that I can find my true self?
Pain is inevitable in life; you can't avoid it. You can only feel it. Realize its true nature without emotional attachment and then transcend yourself and your emotions beyond that level. Pain will not go away, but you find that it is not hurting you that much.
By changing your perception, awareness, and actions you create yourself again and again.
The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.
Always be a seeker. Always be a giver without expecting anything in return. Remember that true joy is in the journey not the destination.
To find true freedom, relinquish all of your attachments.
Your universe is not out there. You create it every moment and every day with your thoughts, ideas, perceptions, and imaginations.
If you have to ask, ask for the ability to help others.
Be fearless like a newborn that is born with love and hope.
Conquering your fear gives you the best victory.
Meditation is a way of finding inner quietness and inner tranquility.
You may not be able to understand the world, but you can create your own world with your perception and imagination.
Meditation creates harmony in the midst of chaos in my inner world and outer reality.
No matter where you are, just be grateful for your life and all of the beauty that surrounds you.
If I can't sing, then let me listen to the songs of the wilderness and let me watch the dance of a lonely leaf.
When you learn to feel the pain of an ant, you will truly learn to love this world.
Be silent, but let your silence become the loudest message of love and compassion.
The price of happiness is unconditional love.
Live in the moment. Don't carry baggage from the past. Put that baggage in a history book and learn from it, but don't carry it on your shoulder. You will feel lighter and be able to enjoy the present and the future.
The soul is soft, beautiful, delicate, fun-loving, and always blooming. To nurture the soul, it needs sunshine and unconditional self-love.
It is the ultimate opportunity of a lifetime to try to understand the dreams and desires of a blooming flower.
The language of a smile is charming, mesmerizing, meaningful, and often mysterious, but everyone understands a smile better than words.
When I look at the moon, I can only see your joyful smile.
Be a wave of kindness that touches the hearts of everyone.
Keep your goal challenging enough that you have to change to achieve it.
When you go beyond your limitations, that is called success.
Don't be afraid to change. Without change, there is no life.
Through art we can see the reflection of the inner world of an artist.
Art is a language which everyone understands in their own way.
You must have a definite purpose of life. To reach that purpose, you must be flexible.
Conformity is the biggest enemy of progress. Break those limiting social rules.
A thinker will die, but his profound ideas have wings that fly forever.
In February when my garden is barren of flowers, you are the only flower blooming in my heart. I cherish you and adore you with all of my heart because you are my Valentine.
Distance is an outer phenomenon. In the inner world, everything is connected with love.
You only have one heart, but it can love the whole world and still have room to grow kindness in its deepest chamber.
A smile is a sparkle of your soul and a glint of light from your heart.
A baby is born like a bird ready to soar from the mother's lap. The nets of societal rules and regulations puts him in a cage from which he can never escape to create his own new world.
Trying to fit in will not change a society. To change it, you have to be brave, fearless, and strong enough to withstand societal criticism so that you may break the boundary and let light come in.
Give away everything-even your heart, soul, and mind. Nothing is yours. Keep your experiences and your memories. Those are yours and they make you who you are.
Life becomes perfect if I look at it through my imperfect perceptions.
My songs of life are so secret that I can't find my tune.
Live in order to be-not just for becoming.
The beauty of life does not reside in certainty or conformity. It resides in the infinite possibilities of uncertainty.
Just like a flower, enjoy the joy of giving.
Use your greatness, love, and kindness to change the world.
We become angels when we fly with the wings of love. We can reach any destination and touch any heart without any hesitation.
To enjoy the magnificence of life, keep love blooming in your heart just like flowers bloom in your garden.
Abundance is not defined by possessions, but it is defined by inner perceptions.
Life will be perfect if your expectations and responses to events are humble and perfect.
Change your perspective. Enjoy every failure as a success and every win as a loss.
Today is the most important day of your life. Enjoy it with all of your heart. Don't worry about tomorrow, leave it for tomorrow.
Love is everything. Nothing else but love can define the destiny of humanity.
We enjoy beauty through our perceptions, and we create beauty through our expressions.
The ultimate source of abundance is to give love for the betterment of others.
To have abundance, appreciate what you have with great love and share your possessions with joy.
To live in happiness, always do something that will bring joy to others.
To create abundance in life, travel and touch everyone you meet with your infinite love.
Like a floating feather in the air, take life very lightly and joyfully adjust to the flow of life.
Life itself is the journey of the mind toward the unknown infinite wilderness. Get lost.
Like the morning sun, raise the brightness of your love to include everyone.
The sun is rising. Let us feel the glint of light in the heart so that we can see and enjoy the magnificence of life.
Never fear to be wonderful.
Even though storms will come, never fear to bloom.
The sun is rising with a bright golden glittering glint. Let us wake up to enjoy the joyful battles of light and darkness.
Romance is an illusion of love and excitement that touches our hearts and mind. It lingers in our memories like a fairy tale.
Why do you write meaningless philosophy? you asked. Because it gives meaning to life, I whispered with deep empathy.
Don't grow older-grow wiser.
Pay great attention to those who love you, and love those who hate you.
Life is so interesting that sometimes it can make you bored.
Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer.
To overcome the fear of failure, do what makes you fearful.
Tenderness of heart and kindness of the soul are not signs of weakness, but they are signs of inner strength.
Burdened no more is soul for whom life flows through dance and not breath.
A philosopher is a lover and searcher of truth, beauty, meaning, and wisdom.
There are not many things that are more powerful than love.
Holding on and getting attached is sadness. Letting go with love opens the heart to fill it with happiness.
How beautiful it will be if your heart grows only the flowers of love and kindness.
It is not too late to fall in love with yourself again.
You may avoid the risk of a car accident if you avoid driving, but you will lose the joy and freedom of driving.
Like the sun, touch someone with the warmth of your kindness.
To change yourself, never forget to challenge yourself.
We get stronger every time we rise after falling.
A simple touch of kindness can heal a wound of the soul which no medicine can touch.
Don't let your problems become your obsession.
Until you break through the walls of fear, you will not be able to reach the door of opportunity.
Burdened no more is soul for whom life flows through dance like breath.
A philosopher is a deep thinker and a meticulous observer of nature and events that reveal the beauty, truth, and meaning of existence.
The world is administered by rich but it is constructed by poor.
Anger dulls the sharpness of mind, hardens the softness of feelings, and replaces the sweetness of the world with bitterness.
Your attitude will ultimately determine and define your altitude of life
If love is a flower of non-judgmental actions, then kindness is the fragrance of those flowers.
Without taking the risk of falling, no one can learn how to walk.
Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.
A slip of the foot may injure your body, but a slip of the tongue will injure your bond.
One who doesn't recognise an opportunity is bigger loser than one who tries his hand at an opportunity.
War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.
My spouse is my shield, my spouse is my strength.
the woman is rain,and when she falls,she is a monsoon.to love her is to drown.
Principles in a poor is admirable as politeness in a prince.
Radite na tome da budete elokventni.Vecina njih zna samo da prica,mnogo vise nego sto treba.
Seed becomes tree, son becomes stranger.
Before you worry about the beauty of your body, worry about the health of your body.
You can not control the thought, but you can control the tongue.
True success is there when a person has the ability to lose himself or herself in the search of knowledge and wisdom by using love, joy, and gratitude. On the other hand, societal success comes from the progressive realizations of worthy goals.
If you are the reflection of light, then how can you fear darkness?
My love is like the light and warmth of the sun. It never changes. It never disappears even when you change your positions and perceptions.
I came here to show you the way to happiness is not through success but through love, compassion, and kindness.
Every pearl of your necklace touches my heart like a fresh flower of joy.
The power of love is enough to reach a distant shore and to touch a heart.
True love does not put a person in a cage like a bird. It gives true freedom to soar.
When I hug you, I feel like I am hugging the universe of joy, and I emerge with the ecstasy of life.
It may not be important how much you have, but it is important who you are in your heart.
Pain is not there to hurt you, but it is there to make you more aware and alert.
When I was looking for the key to open the deepest chamber of your heart, I found that secret key of pure love hidden in my heart.
You are the most beautiful fairy from heaven. You have made my life a fairytale.
Oh my dear from a distant fantasy land! I love to be in your dreams as a fairy of love with wings of flowers and golden glowing flowing hair.
I get lost in the magical beauty that is all around me. My mind is an enchanted magician who mysteriously creates all of that magnificent beauty.
I have learned to find happiness not by possessing wealth and splendor but by giving it away for mankind.
I came here to peacefully show you the way to peace.
Like life, love is a constant adventure and a constant process. It is not a possession.
Life is not a problem to be solved. It is an opportunity to love and unfold the beauty of life.
I may be alone, but I am never lonely. I am always with my best friend, and that is me.
To create emptiness in your heart, let it go with love and fill it with infinite love.
A true leader leads by empowering not by enslaving.
I dream my life, and then l live in my dreams.
Freedom from a tyrant is easy, but freedom from societal conformity is difficult.
Spread your wings of love, and let your mind fly to a distant land where love is the air of life.
A wise person is wise because he trusts his own being.
Don't judge anything. If you have to judge, judge with kindness and love.
Don't measure life against time. Measure life by the milestones you have reached.
The whole purpose of education is to create a window of the mind through which you can see the world. Look through that window with your own profound love, joy, harmony, and gratitude.
Kindness, not rituals, is mankind's greatest prayer.
Look at the world through your vision not through the misperceptions of others.
The most important job in life is to find out the purpose of your life, and go for it wholeheartedly.
The more you can forgive a person, the more you can love him.
The secrets of success are getting started and being persistent.
I can hear only the sounds of love all around me. I love all of the beauty-all of the things I can feel and see.
To find the beauty of life, don't complain, compliment.
Deep in my heart, an unsung song longs to know when my footsteps will not paint the shoreline of this beautiful sandy beach. Will anyone remember me and sing my unsung song along the waves and feel the breeze with love?
The more a man understands the world, the more he falls in love with everyone and everything.
Everyone is born with the same amount of love in their heart. Some will use it and fill life with joy. Some will lose it and wonder where the joy is.
I like to read fairytales. They make my imagination go wild, and I wander in fairyland.
To teach better, be an example. People learn from those that do and not just talk.
I don't know who you are or where you are, but I know your deep driving desires. I am writing to you to make your life a little easier and better.
Look at the world around you and focus on the possibilities not the problem.
The human race should learn from dogs about the enormous power of love.
Life is beautiful and so are you.
Life is a balance between giving and receiving. The more you give, the more abundance will fill your life with joy.
Life is dancing in front of you so don't forget to enjoy the joy of the dance.
Beauty is important, but who you are in your heart defines you better.
A goal should make you feel excited when you think about it.
On a silent moonlit night look at the sky and see yourself dancing with those distant twinkling stars.
The key to wisdom is silent observation and reflection.
The most daring adventure in life is life itself.
Sometimes I live in the universe. Sometimes the universe lives in me.
I don't know or understand any other language except the language of kindness.
Start each day as a great adventure.
Try not to find love or fall in love. Instead become a person who attracts love.
Kindness has a mysterious power which can transcend and transform anything it touches.
I am fresh, I am radiant, I am full of love, and I am joyful. I am complete.
To be kind to others, be kind to yourself first.
You smell like a fresh flower and surround me like spring air.
Every morning I wake up with an unknown, unexplainable joy of life. Then I get lost in the beauty of the morning sun and all of the magnificence that surrounds me.
Anger is a fire that burns you from both ends.
Earthly possessions are transient and ephemeral. Giving away love creates ripples that last for some time.
Now and then it is okay to get lost to find yourself in a new way.
Finding a great idea is a magical thing and a fantastic job.
When we believe in ourselves, everything becomes easy and possible.
Be the lighthouse that bears the torment of the storm, but never forget to show the saving lights of life.
You will find your true spirit when you lose your egocentric, self-centered desires and fill your mind with pure love and non-judgmental thoughts.
Like the morning sun, you appeared in my cloudy sky and filled my world with light, love, beauty, and joy.
Be simple and kind with a loving heart. These attributes make you more beautiful and attractive than any make up.
To amaze yourself, lift your spirit and see through your love the beauties of life.
Education ignites the lights in the darkness of life.
Rainbows paint the sky with different colors of love, sadness, and joy.
You will find the path of life when your inner compass is ready.
It is easy to find peace if you are kind, loving, and forgiving.
Live in absolute bliss. One moment of deep appreciation of beauty that surrounds you can change your perception of life.
Life is not only for consumption but for contribution.
To reduce violence, stop teaching how to find differences and teach unconditional kindness.
The best teacher teaches not only the information but how to use that information to improve life.
You can never forgive yourself without forgiving others. Forgive others to find and create peace in your soul.
You are imminently connected with this universe through your breathing. You can improve this great relationship by breathing consciously and appreciating this universe in this process.
Life finds its meaning and answers from what life does to serve others.
A genius is usually born on the way to relentless perfection with tireless persistence.
How many times you failed will not be counted, but the time you stood up and fought back will be counted.
I don't mind writing philosophical thoughts. If I don't want to die like one.
Even a flower can feel the touch of kindness.
An anniversary is a celebration of the triumph and tragedy of love.
By giving up what you are holding, you create emptiness to receive.
Identify the problem but never dwell on it. Focus on solutions.
To find the rainbow and life's incredible beauties, learn to play with adversity.
You are the most magnificent flower. Your beauty is immeasurable and incredible. The universe created you with all of her love and power to see herself in you.
The life of an unhappy rich person is poorer than a happy beggar.
When you are loving, kind, and true everyone will find astonishing beauty within you.
You see your preconceived ideas and your thoughts-not the reality.
If there is no kindness with your rightness, then that is madness.
If you know the results, why will you try to solve the problem? If you know the meaning of life, why will you try to understand it? Sometimes it is better not to know the answer.
At the end of your comfort zone is where adventure begins and life dances with trembling joy.
Every man has an ambition. Let it be a good one. Just drive toward it with enthusiasm.
The past gave us experience and made us wiser so that we can create a beautiful and brighter future.
An unhappy life is a wasted life.
Be a mirror of life. Let everyone see their own astonishing beauty in your mirror.
What you are searching for with love, life will give you.
When you are ready to accept the risk, only then can you open the doors of opportunity
Bengal is poor not because of lack of capital but lack of ideas and vision.
Success is working with enthusiasm and ambition, living with joy and kindness, and going toward a life of ultimate service and happiness.
An entrepreneur sells his thoughts and ideas as a packaged product.
A true leader inspires and empowers others to hope more, dream more, do more, and live more.
The most beautiful makeup is the reflection of kindness from a smiling face.
Passion is the most glamorous outfit not the most modern fashion.
With action experience grows, with travel outlooks grow, and with reflections wisdom grows.
Life is a magical song of the universe. To understand it, feel it in your heart and sing along.
Be bold enough to appreciate. Be strong enough not to criticize.
If you don't want to be foolish, don't try to fool anyone.
Life is transient and ephemeral so dance in your own way.
The ultimate philosophy of life is not found in words, but it is found in the ways of living life.
Appreciation always enhances performance. Criticism destroys the enthusiasm.
To be logical is very illogical.
A beautiful life is a life that is content and satisfied with material possessions, and has an abundance of hope, love, laughter, kindness, and compassion.
There is no pleasure that I haven't made myself sick on.
To create new rules, use the power of love, courage, and kindness to break the rules.
Looking forward as you reflect back ... encourages success at your feet rdp
Dare to dream, dare to love, and dare to live.
Appreciation is a better motivator than pain.
As I sit under the moonlit tree, your heart adorns me with the twinkle of stars.
She asked me why I am not answering her questions. I looked at her with love and kept silent. Silence is my best answer for her intriguing questions.
If anyone controls your feelings, emotions, and thoughts-she or he controls you. Even if you are longing for love, think of yourself with love.
I may not want your help, but I always want you beside me.
Knowledge is your treasure. How well you spend and invest it will define your wisdom.
To help someone, don't criticize or complain. Find what he does better and compliment him.
No matter what you do and how you do it, you will always be criticized. Do it anyway.
A touch of kindness is like a ray of light in deep darkness.
Wake up every morning with dreams of a wonderful day.
When a leader has an attitude of gratitude, it can create great differences in the lives of others.
A heart filled with love never dries out by giving away love. It is like the ocean with unending waves.
You can only inspire others when your heart is ready to sing the song of love.
An action taken with positive thoughts will never produce negative results.
A great leader often sacrifices greatly in the service of others.
A leader becomes great by inspiring others to do great things.
What you say reflects how you feel about the world.
Give your life a destination.
The greatest wealth is a loving peaceful mind.
A moment of kindness can fill your heart with infinite joy.
Your mind is your biggest enemy and your dearest friend.
Philosophy is so interesting and intriguing that it is almost boring not to be a philosopher.
Philosophy may not follow any laws but it always follows our perceptions.
Everything that you want is not very important. Everything that was given to you without any want is very important.
When you have your conscious mind, you have everything you need to succeed.
Don't worry. All of your problems will be solved in the end.
A leader is solution oriented and a philosopher is problem oriented.
Today's thoughts will define where you will be tomorrow.
Your attitude reflects your inner feelings.
Music is the highest form of philosophy of the conscious mind.
Ultimately, you are defined by your kindness, compassion, passion, and choice.
To be a philosopher you do not need to be a professor but you do have to love and understand nature.
I can't tell you what consciousness is, but I know I can only think when I am conscious.
A conscious mind is the playground for thoughts and ideas and the ultimate source of personal philosophy.
The depth of consciousness widens our breadth of understanding and makes us uniconscious.
Triumphs are usually the outcomes of countless learned-from 'failures
Take a vacation from your stressful thoughts by changing your thoughts.
Love with an open heart. Live with an open mind.
Never forget to smile and appreciate yourself.
When you look at a flower with an appreciative heart and get lost in the magical beauty, you really get a vacation from the everyday stressful life.
You are very strong if you're empowered by love and simplicity.
Appreciation has tremendous power. A beautiful thing is not beautiful until someone appreciates it.
Always forget to complain, but never forget to appreciate and compliment.
Give me an enthusiastic, purpose-oriented person and I will give a successful future leader.
The more you appreciate the things of beauty all around you, the more beautiful things will fill your life.
A fool always finds something to complain about, and a wise person always finds something to appreciate.
Vacations are the best time to find your true self deep inside.
The whole purpose of education is to transfer and transform knowledge for the future generations so that they can transcend their lives and humanity as a whole.
If life is an adventure, then a vacation is an adventure to find true joy.
A vacation is three times more work without the payment.
Never expect to be accepted without criticism. Never forget to appreciate.
My favorite place for taking a vacation is found in my library.
Most successful people are always on vacation.
In the summer, we create memories of hot adventures so that those memories can warm-up the deep frozen winter.
We are born to unfold the beauty of life and to adorn the universe with unique thoughts.
The future success of a nation depends on how diligently and purposefully they educate their children.
Never forget to love your enemies and pray for their well-being.
In life, storms come not to hurt you but to make you stronger.
We think that time is changing, but that may not be true. Everything else is changing and time is standing still and watching.
Try to control your anger before it burns your life.
Every day of life is an adventure. Don't fear to dare and never forget to enjoy it.
If you participate in a competition, you have a chance to lose. If you don't participate, you are already a loser.
To enjoy the magnificence of life, drink every drop of life and get drunk.
Life is the most magnificent dance floor of love. Dance with love to feel the joy of life.
My imagination is my temple where I meditate and pray to change human consciousness and awareness so that I may find peace.
I have no special gift. With deep love, I give what I have.
How beautiful a woman can be if kindness is her true beauty.
Your birth filled your parents with joy, your universe with love, and your soul with the flowers of hope. May those flowers of hope bloom with the fragrance of endless success.
To fill our lives with joy, the morning sun touches our hearts with the warmth of her kindness and the light of her love. Let us be like the sun touch someone's life with kindness every morning.
Meditation is a wonderful way to shout down the outer noise so that you may pay attention to the universal inner message.
The time and situation is always right to express and experience the beauty of kindness.
Your heart sees the beauty of life and your soul realizes the ecstasy of love.
Nothing happens easily in our lives. To get something, you have to attract it with the power of your love.
Death is not our destiny. Longing for true love is our true destiny. That is where we will find the ultimate meaning of life.
The more you get lost in love, the more love you will find to enjoy and appreciate.
You are the soul of the universe, the eyes of the world, and the feelings of nature.
Measure your life not by its duration but by its contribution.
To express your love for the universe, be like a cloud to dwell in the high altitudes, and never forget to transform yourself into the water of humility.
Am I going with time slowly or is time going with me?
Ah! Your eyes are lighting the moon with the silvery lights of love.
Even if your pockets are empty, never forget to fill your heart with love.
Be simple, stay humble, care with love, hug with kindness.
The highest form of wisdom is often hidden in simplicity.
Loving is more important than living; without love, life has no meaning.
The truth is that there is no absolute truth.
If nothing excites you and nothing makes you wonder, you are going to miss all of the wonderful things that life can offer.
A goal without action is like a late night dream.
Before believing-think. Before accepting-feel.
Music is the language of the soul and the expression of deep inner feelings.
I can't express the truth about reality. I can only express my feelings.
Winning is something, but participation is everything.
A definite recipe for success is when you take persistent action on a strong definite goal.
Forgiveness with kindness is the best revenge.
I am not brilliant. I am curious and persistent.
You can change a life with a simple touch of kindness.
To get to a destination, you have to know the address. To find your purpose in life, you must set a goal, draw a map, and start the journey.
It is almost impossible to write about those moments and feelings of indescribable joy and ecstasy which only a soul can realize. Your silent, pleasant, and blissful presence often gives me those moments.
Photographs are the reflection of untold stories, unseen beauties, unexpressed emotions, and the unheard songs of life.
Dare to dream big. Never fear to fail. Take actions with love.
Make each day, the best day of life.
We are always fascinated with the past, but the future is always brighter.
The best way of life, is the way of love.
We are blessed with a finite life, but our imaginations are infinite.
Like Mother Theresa, your greatness unfolds by the kindness you show to the weakest members of humanity.
Don't go to sleep to dream. Wake up and dream.
To teach someone something, appreciate even the slightest improvements and avoid criticism.
Turn your failure into a fairytale.
There are beauties all around you. All you have to do is look to reveal them.
The essential attributes of a great leader are a positive attitude, humility, and gratitude.
Dreaming is good-especially if you dream when you are awake. Remember dreams will remain a dream if you don't act on them.
You don't need money to be kind, but you cannot be kind without a heart.
You deserve your love more than anyone else. First fill your vessel with love and then give it away with joy.
How strange! Life gets easier when we get better.
When you share your moments of joy with friends, that memory lasts forever.
For a peaceful world, the golden rules to live by are mutual understanding, respect, tolerance, forgiveness, and love.
To enjoy it again and again in those moments of joy and despair, I carry the beauty of your love in the hidden chamber of my heart.
Your eyes reflect the beauty which no one can see except that special person whose soul is lost in your love.
Even in silence and darkness, the heart can see more beauty than the eyes.
The power of weapons is transient and destroys everything. The power of love is everlasting and creates all things.
Wisdom is the essence of experiences.
A knowledgeable curious mind is the bridging ground for ideas.
A knowledgeable person without a curious mind is like poetry without essence.
Share your wisdom. It is the best way to help in the progress of life and humanity.
Book knowledge is not enough. Experiential knowledge is essential for success in life.
Knowledge will reveal its value only when we use it to gain wisdom through experience.
I want to paint the rest of my days with the best colors.
Your uniqueness is your trademark.
To find yourself: be yourself, trust yourself, and love yourself.
In life, nothing is impossible to achieve when you have enthusiasm, optimism, confidence, and commitment.
Tact is an ability to live in the midst of ugliness without getting ugly.
In the end, you will forget to love, and you will not have the ability to offend. When you have the ability to love, love and forget to offend.
If you can begin with enthusiasm and confidence, you are half way to success.
When you learn to kill animals, you are unconsciously teaching cruelty to other creations.
Always believe in your heart that you can do what you dream.
You don't have to be a rich person to have a great life. You have to be a person of value to enjoy the beauty of life.
Happiness is the best makeup to emphasize your inner beauty and outer glow.
When you are enthusiastic and optimistic with faith, nothing will be impossible for you to achieve.
There are two kinds of people. There are those who love you and make your life beautiful. There are those that hurt you and the pain encourages you to be wonderful.
The purpose of your life is to find your ultimate purpose that makes you happy. Then commit to it wholeheartedly.
Every failure is an experience builder and a stepping stone towards success.
Never forget to be someone even when you get lost in the wildness of a crowd.
Always act like you are the king of your own world that you created on the day of your birth. Enjoy your kingdom.
Appreciate what you have to get more of what you want.
Life is a song. Your thoughts are the music. Now play beautiful music and sing a wonderful song.
You cannot reach space without overcoming the attraction of gravity.
You cannot reach the pinnacle of success without overcoming the fear of failure just like you can't reach space without overcoming the attraction of gravity.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Begin with a new goal and with a new enthusiasm to create abundance in your life.
The secret to abundance in life is to begin with an abundant mindset and a caring heart.
To reveal your greatness, don't wait for a great opportunity. Find a simple opportunity to care and share your great love.
Make nature your best teacher. With great love, learn from her the lessons of life.
Failure comes into our lives not to fail us, but it comes to make us wiser and stronger through the lessons of life.
When you find the way to empower others, you will find that you are a great leader.
Let us not dwell into past thoughts, worn out ideas, false beliefs. Let them go so that you can create a new self by emptying your mind and filling it with new thoughts, ideas, and visions.
Growing older is a precious commodity. Only a few can endure to achieve that distinguished distinction and quality.
Don't wait for a perfect person to love. Love a person and make him or her perfect with your power of love.
Be a person of value, but never try to define your worth.
The prime purposes of our lives is to help others, love others, and be kind to others.
Be like a tree, bloom like a flower, sing like a bird, and dance like a peacock.
There comes a moment when you realize what matters the most in your life. Let that moment be now and that matter be your love and kindness.
You can't start a new life if you continue to dwell in your past.
Live as though you will lose your power of love and attraction at any moment.
A huge part of losing weight is believing you have the power to do it.
Kindness is the fragrance of pure love.
To live a wonderful life, be curious and impregnate your thoughts with kindness, compassion, and pure love.
Success in business is important. Success as a human being with values, character, kindness, and love is much more important.
A tree sings to us with her beauty and her love. It is our responsibility to listen to her music.
Wherever you go, be the thunder of joy and the wind of optimism.
You sing in my mind and dance in my heart.
If you see a person who is suffering from misery and sadness, wash it away with your compassion and kindness.
Age can't dull the beauty of life that reflects and radiates from within.
Even if you are sad, don't forget to sing the song of love.
Oh my Valentine! I want to wake up and enjoy every sunrise with you and vanish into your hand at the sunset of my life.
You may not be rich with money, Socrates was not, your life still has tremendous value.
Always focus on what is important-not what is urgent.
Some people come into your life like a flower. She fills your heart with love, amuses your mind with her beauty, and leaves you with enduring joy because she once touched your life.
A smile is the best makeup that can change your looks and your heart.
Happiness is very simple. To be happy, think happiness.
You will not be a success in every business, but if you don't start a business you will never be a success.
Love is not a place to wander. Love is a feeling to deeply appreciate and enjoy.
Kindness is the ability to love someone in such a way that she will remember your kindness for the rest of her life.
To win in life, never forget to be content competing with yourself.
Let us be loving, caring, and kind to everyone we meet in this beautiful journey called life. At the end nothing else matters.
Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it be your time to shine soon.
Don't just wish and dream-take action to make it happen.
Be knowledgeable but humble. Be wise and simple.
Your outer charm and beauty attract me. Your inner beauty of kindness and a caring heart seduces me.
A new baby is the beginning of a new universe-his own unique universe.
You were born with love and hope. Why do you feel that you have no power to win in life?
We don't see things. We see reflections of our feelings and perceptions.
I have drunken deep of joy,And I will taste no other wine tonight.
To those who abuse: the sin is yours, the crime is yours, and the shame is yours. To those who protect the perpetrators: blaming the victims only masks the evil within, making you as guilty as those who abuse. Stand up for the innocent or go down with the rest.
We didn't start the fireIt was always burningSince the world's been turningWe didn't start the fireNo we didn't light itBut we tried to fight it
...But...to sing,to dream, to smile, to walk, to be alone, be free,with a voice that stirs and an eye that still can see!To cock your hat to one side, when you pleaseat a yes, a no, to fight, or- make poetry!To work without a thought of fame or fortune,on that journey, that you dream of, to the moon!Never to write a line that's not your own...
A man who knows how little he knows is well, a man who knows how much he knows is sick. If, when you see the symptoms, you can tell, Your cure is quick.A sound man knows that sickness makes him sick and before he catches it his cure is quick.
so much of the world is plunged in darkness and chaos...So ring the bells that still can ringForget your perfect offeringThere is a crack in everythingThat's how the light gets in.
Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests
one day, when tenderness has become the single rule of the morning,/ I will wake in your arms. perhaps your skin will be overly gorgeous./ and the light will include the impossible understanding of love.
Soul receives from soul that knowledge, therefore not by book nor from tongue. If knowledge of mysteries come after emptiness of mind, that is illumination of heart.
My heart is strong, I will not fail, I won't be wronged, I will prevail.
For we cannot tarry here,We must march my darlings, we must bear the brunt of danger,We, the youthful sinewy races, all the rest on us depend, Pioneers! O pioneers! 
whatever you dobe gentle with yourself.you don't just livein this worldor your homeor your skin.you also livein someone's eyes.
Dancing is like poetry written by our bodies: our outstretched arms our words of longing.
Give a poet a pen
It's not what you go through that makes you strong: it is how you handle the situation that gives you strength.
That is what you meant to me: a light that shone through the darkness. (Your smile, p. 56)
My best testimonies are from the times I thought I couldn't survive.
You can make a difference in another person's life and not realize it, just by giving them One Moment of your time, One Memory to recall, One Motion that tells them they are not alone! OM!
Everything is nothing.
I came here to be for all and with all,and what I do today in my solitudewill be echoed tomorrow by the multitude.What I say now with one heartwill be said tomorrow by thousands of hearts...
I could not have climbed any mountains while looking from the ground... I would not have flown... or dived... or surfed... or swum... I am not a tourist nor a spectator... this is the life I have left, and I will not waste it like some rubber-neck
i hope thatwhoever you arewherever you areand no matter howyou are feelingyou will always have somethingto smile about.
She tells me about dreams. She says my dreams are helium and balloons, and I've made the mistake of letting go a few to many times, but I still got this one. Tied around my finger like a wedding ring because even though I don't believe in marriages, I'm gonna bring this one home.
We must experience certain things in life, even in our childhood, so we can later look back and value the journey.
I never heard sound and thrill of my painful heart until that very day she touched it.
The secret to life is to live as though you know the secret." Barbara Botch
The moon people do not eat by swallowing food but by smelling it. Their money is poetry - actual poems, written out on pieces of paper whose value is determined by the worth of the poem itself.
What if the mightiest word is love, love beyond marital, filial, national. Love that casts a widening pool of light. Love with no need to preempt grievance.In today's sharp sparkle, this winter air, anything can be made, any sentence begun.On the brink, on the brim, on the cusp -- praise song for walking forward in that light.
Live as many lives as you can.
I take thee at thy word:Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized;Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
Love is as we will it to be.
The one who pulls the puppet strings knows fairytales can heal.
Don't forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.
O dear Himalaya...why are you so amazing, can I kiss your peak or can I just let your silence speak...O dear Himalaya...
The worm doth woo the mortal, death claims a living bride, Night unto day is married, morn unto eventide, Earth a merry damsel, and heaven a knight so true,And Earth is quite coquettish, and beseemeth in vain to sue.
Come, drunks and drug-takers; come perverts unnerved!Receive the laurel, given, though late, on merit; to whom and wherever deserved.Parochial punks, trimmers, nice people, joiners true-blue,Get the hell out of the way of the laurel. It is deathless And it isn't for you.
With heaven in our hearts,life is romancing uswith glimpses ofthe universe dancing.
Shadow is ever besieged, for that is its nature. Whilst darkness devours, and light steals. And so one sees shadow ever retreat to hidden places, only to return in the wake of the war between dark and light.
Poetry is not an art, it's a symptom.
Haunted by demons of the past, hounded by demons not yet met, the nevermore and evermore left her little peace. ~A Tale of Two Women
Neither pathway is correct.
Faith is accepting what makes no sense, what we cannot prove, but know down deep in our souls is real.
If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.
Sometimes you are in the middle of your destiny before you even know it has begun.
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.
Though wrong gratifies in the moment, good yields its gifts over a lifetime.
You'll only fall if you doubt your balance.
We can follow a steady upward course in a world of change without fear, welcoming opportunities
You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.
Failure is a reality; we all fail at times, and it's painful when we do. But it's better to fail while striving for something wonderful, challenging, adventurous, and uncertain than to say, " I don't want to try because I may not succeed completely.
So as I shivered, naked and damp, in front of the bathroom mirror, I raised my eyes skyward. "I hope we're still okay."I got no answer, but then, I didn't really expect one. Answer or not, it didn't matter. That's the thing about faith, I guess.
Floating there I held onto faith. Because you can't know who might cross your path or who will take your breath away. You can't know what friends might actually become sisters because they stayed by your side. You can't know when there'll be an unexpected detour that'll take you to the place where you were always meant to be.
You develop faith by doing things that require faith.
Destroy what you have become and become what you did destroy/
When has faith ever been about feelings?
To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.
Sometimes in life we take a leap of faith. Remember, the leap is not about getting from one side to the other. It's simply about taking the leap....and trusting the air, the universal breath, will support your wings so that you may soar.
I have found more inspiration in the cottages of fishermen than in the palaces of the rich.
If the whole universe can be found in our own body and mind, this is where we need to make our inquires. We all have the answers within ourselves, we just have not got in touch with them yet. The potential of finding the truth within requires faith in ourselves.
She had walked to the brink, abandoning all belief, and just before the bitter end, she was pulled from the abyss by faith.
It seems we are all too vulnerable to having our heart lead us astray from what is right
To make a man a saint, it must indeed be by grace; and whoever doubts this does not know what a saint is, or a man.
Just think of what would have happened to poor old Naaman if he had decided to dunk himself only once?
Answers based in truth are the foundation of wisdom.
Maybe heaven entailed more than a soul residing in a single place, but instead having pieces of yourself spread among the hearts and memories of people you've touched.
It is better to live ready than to get ready!
No coward soul is mine,No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere:I see heaven's glories shine,And faith shines equal, arming me from fear
Keep marching boys and girls. Keep marching
You don't need great faith to move mountains, you only need to use the poor faith you say you have.
We need to retrain our brains, our hearts, and our wills to seek a comfort that truly satisfies.
Prayers bring comfort, not change. Change requires tangible human efforts.
Faith is a fortitude.
It takes heart to battle great challenges, great faith to be victorious over them.
Whatever you feel is the force of faith.
Everyday. Every single day I watched how big the tree was. How magnificent that. One day just like that I climbed it. That day everything changed. Neither was the tree same to me nor was I anymore.
Faith is not won by arguments. Faith is won by an experience of love.
There is of course a deep spiritual need which the pilgrimage seems to satisfy, particularly for those hardy enough to tackle the journey on foot.
There is enough in the world for everyone's need, but not enough for everyone's greed.
This is the sinking womanwhose soul touched the ocean andcaused it to storm kisses.
A true businessperson should also be a true humanist who understands that he stands to gain the most in a world that is stable for those he deals with, even if they do not fare as well as he does.
Women Uplifting One Another Through Faith.
Hold the flame of faith, it quench all doubt of darkness.
Holy fear is to shun evil.
Faith define the fate of man.
Even if dogma has a purpose, it can never function as a substitute for faith, only as a dry aspect of it.
Faith is fierce flame.
Faith is the fountain of life.
When you see yourself in a shattered mirror, don't think of it as the broken pieces of yourself. Think of it as all of the pieces that make up you.
Arise and be all that you dreamed
People tell you to believe in yourself for your whole life, then call you arrogant when you begin taking their advice.
Sometimes when the world goes dark, and everyone turns their backs on you, just look to the sky to see the light, and follow the stars to paradise
Have the courage to rise from the challenges of life like a phoenix from the flames or you'll get lost in the ashes of despair, pain, and regret.
Hit the reset button. Whatever happened yesterday, forget about it. Get a new perspective. Today is a new day. Fresh start, begins now.
Your connection to yourself is also your connection to the divine. The more you are connected to yourself, the more you are connected to the divine. They are one and the same.
Sometimes all thats left is faith.
Sometimes when the world goes dark, and everyone turns their backs on you, just look the sky to see light, and follow the stars to paradise
We are the masters of our own destinies, and only we can allow our hearts to be filled, and enable our souls to be happy. No amount of power or mercy can change a heart from empty to whole, or change the end of a will from everlasting sadness to eternal joy.
History belongs to the intercessors - those who believe and pray the future into being.
The key to liberation resides within our very own hands and heart.
It is difficult to have faith when our hearts are consumed by fear, but it is when we are afraid that we need to hang onto our faith the most.
If the tenacity of flowing water weakens the structure of a solid rock, what more; if the ordinary visionaries become just as tenacious.
If we grow in faith, we shall never seize to bear fresh fruit.
The sacred fire never goes out.
The sacred fire is faith.
Don't throw away your faith because doubt is present, throw away your doubts because faith is present
In fighting those who serve devils one always his this on one's side; their Masters hate them as much as they hate us. The moment we disable the human pawns enough to make them useless to Hell, their own Masters finish the work for us. they break their tools.
Lack of wisdom does not make a fool. A fool, in the truest sense, is the man who regards his own misfortunes or those of others as a source of doubt or criticism of the infinite mercy of the Gohonzon.-Josei Toda
Out of the darkness, out of the night,May I find joy and all that is right:Open my eyes, so I'll see the lightThat comes when we have spiritual sight.~Gertrude Tooley Buckingham, "Infinite Spirit, Abide With Me" (1940's)
A man, to be greatly good, must imagine intensely and comprehensively; he must put himself in the place of another and many others; the pains and pleasures of his species must become his own. The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.
Write to please just one person. If you open a window and make love to the world, so to speak, your story will get pneumonia.
Writing a long and substantial book is like having a friend and companion at your side, to whom you can always turn for comfort and amusement, and whose society becomes more attractive as a new and widening field of interest is lighted in the mind.
To me, all creativity is magic. Ideas start out in the empty void of your head - and they end up as a material thing, like a book you can hold in your hand. That is the magical process. It's an alchemical thing. Yes, we do get the gold out of it but that's not the most important thing. It's the work itself.
The recipe for great art has always been misery and a good bowel movement.
If you haven't cried at least once while writing a chapter of your inspirational book, then you have to ask yourself if your're writing fiction.
Good ideas stay with you until you eventually write the story.
The words get easier the moment you stop fearing them.
Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.
I have always held the old-fashioned opinion that the primary object of work of fiction should be to tell a story.
[A young adult novel] ends not with happily ever after, but at a new beginning, with the sense of a lot of life yet to be lived.
If you have not done things worthy of being written about, at least write things worthy of being read.
To you I am neither man nor woman. I come before you as an author only. It is the sole standard by which you have a right to judge me--the sole ground on which I accept your judgment.
Don't waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin, and inspiration will find you.
Any man who keeps working is not a failure. He may not be a great writer, but if he applies the old-fashioned virtues of hard, constant labor, he'll eventually make some kind of career for himself as writer."]
Read to escape reality . . . Write to embrace it.
The story I am writing exists, written in absolutely perfect fashion, some place, in the air. All I must do is find it, and copy it.
Everything in life is a story just waiting to be written.
Only a few of us are going to be willing to break our own hearts by trading in the living beauty of imagination for the stark disappointment of words.
A cliche is everything you've ever heard of.
When I write, it's everything that we don't know we can be that is written out of me, without exclusions, without stipulation, and everything we will be calls us to the unflagging, intoxicating, unappeasable search for love. In one another we will never be lacking.
Writing is the emotional morphine.
As a writer, I am just an actor in a play, telling a story that needs to be told.
Anyone who writes is too precious to lose. 
Follow the path of your aroused thought, and you will soon meet this infernal inscription: There is nothing so beautiful as that which does not exist.
But then why do we write if not to tackle the fears that others look to us to conquer?
The great thing about writing fiction is that you can do whatever the fuck you want, go as far as you are willing to go, and laugh at the people who take it seriously.
She continued weeping until the heat of her tear water, the sheer velocity of its flow, finally obscured the already vague circumstances of its origins.
Writing a novel is not merely going on a shopping expedition across the border to an unreal land: it is hours and years spent in the factories, the streets, the cathedrals of the imagination. 
Use all the ugliness you're feeling to make something beautiful
A book is kind of like a good Horcrux, if we can imagine that -- a piece of the writer's soul, preserved in a physical object for all time, and changing the lives of all those who come in contact with it.
Miss Abigail, I want to be an author because writers know when a person is lonely. I mean, when Molly read me some books, those writers reached out and said, Look Gideon, we know about your loneliness and we know you're feeling downtrodden. And they said...I'll stand up for you. You're not lone anymore.
Writing a story or a novel is one way of discovering sequence in experience, of stumbling upon cause and effect in the happenings of a writer's own life.
Life is a sea of vibrant color. Jump in.
I write to be a part of something - a world made up of words and ideas, which are sometimes painfully criticized, gratefully loved and can never be destroyed.
If you are a real writer, then just surrender to the writer's life, all of it, even the bad stuff. When you do that, the beauty appears: the peace, the meaning, the joy, the fulfillment, the sense that you are doing what you were born to do and what could be better, in the end, than that?
The quality which makes man want to write and be read is essentially a desire for self-exposure and masochism. Like one of those guys who has a compulsion to take his thing out and show it on the street.
On their sofas of spice and feathers, the concubines also slept fretfully. In those days the Earth was still flat, and people dreamed often of falling over edges.
Let no one be fooled by the fact that we may write in English, for we intend to do unheard of things with it.
Writer's block' is just a fancy way of saying 'I don't feel like doing any work today.
Reading feeds the soul, writing nourishes it!
You can only write what you know if you've lived, otherwise, you'll just be writing words.
I hereby grant you permission to write crap. The more the better. Remember, crap makes the best fertilizer.
Listen to your inner self, it knows you best.
And it was about then, about that time, that I began to find life unsatisfactory as an explanation of itself and was forced to adopt the method of the artist of not explaining but putting the blocks together in some other way that seems more significant to him. Which is a rather fancy way of saying I started writing.
Rejection isn't a sign of failure. Rejection is a reminder that there's always room for improvement.
I write to reach eternity
I don't write for a living. I live to write.
Work. Don't Think. Relax.
First and foremost, I am me. I'm real. I don't write to impress. I write to express.
If you don't think too good, don't think too much.
That's the magic of revisions - every cut is necessary, and every cut hurts, but something new always grows.
As much as I like it when a book I'm writing speeds along, the downside can be that an author becomes too eager to finish and rushes the end. The end is even more important than the first page, and rushing can damage it.
Writing had always helped her, before. It always clarified her feelings and her thoughts, and she never felt like she could understand something fully until the very minute that she'd written about it, as if each story was one she told herself and her readers, at the same time.
Most writing is done between the mind and the hand, not between the hand and the page.
Remember, it is no sign of weakness or defeat that your manuscript ends up in need of major surgery. This is a common occurrence in all writing, and among the best writers.
Perfectionism means that you try not to leave so much mess to clean up. But clutter and mess show us that life is being lived.
For all my longer works (i.e. the novels) I write chapter outlines so I can have the pleasure of departing from them later on.
To be a successful fiction writer you have to write well, write a lot . and let 'em know you've written it! Then rinse and repeat.
If your business plan depends on suddenly being "discovered" by some big shot, your plan will probably fail. Nobody suddenly discovers anything. Things are made slowly and in pain.
Dreaming is the day job of novelists, but sharing our dreams is a still more important task for us. We cannot be novelists without this sense of sharing something.
If I'm writing, at least I don't feel as paralyzed.
If you treat your characters like people, they'll reward you by being fully developed individuals.
Inspiration comes and goes, creativity is the result of practice.
La plus grande chute est celle qu'on fait du haut de l'innocence.
Writers seek to create order out of the chaos of everyday life, and to extract meaning from both the tragic and the mundane
I would like to carve my novel in a piece of wood. My characters-I would like to have them heavier, more three-dimensional ... My characters have a profession, have characteristics; you know their age, their family situation, and everything. But I try to make each one of those characters heavy, like a statue, and to be the brother of everybody in the world.
You have always written before and you will write now. All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know
Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for
The key is the ability, whether innate or conditioned, to find the other side of the rote, the picayune, the meaningless, the repetitive, the pointlessly complex. To be, in a word, unborable . If you are immune to boredom, there is literally nothing you cannot accomplish.
The writer has no responsibility other than to jack off in bed alone and write a good page.
Dip your hands into life, scoop up memories, dreams, questions and ideas and weave them into stories.
A good story is a dream shared by the author and the reader. Anything that wakes the reader from the dream is a mortal sin.
So here is why I write what I do: We all have futures. We all have pasts. We all have stories. And we all, every single one of us, no matter who we are and no matter what's been taken from us or what poison we've internalized or how hard we've had to work to expel it -- we all get to dream.
Writing is the great invention of the world.
A critic is a legless man who teaches other people to run
Work like hell! I had 122 rejection slips before I sold a story.
I won't stop writing until I am known as the Kurt Cobain of literature!
As I write, My fingers tap tap the keys the way Ravi Shankar's fingers pluck and strum the strings of his sitar.
Fill your papers with the breathings of your heart.
Before I start a project, I always ask myself the following question. Why is this book worth a year of my life? There needs to be something about the theme, the technique, or the research that makes the time spent on it worthwhile.
Everyone whirled around her, entranced by the stories in which they recognized themselves, but in the stories they were also more than themselves and it always felt at the end fulfilled, not meaningless and empty like life can sometimes feel.
Never ever forget that you enlisted in the ranks - you weren't press ganged or drafted. Nobody owes you anything - least of all respect for your work - until you've earned it with what you put on the page.
The way to write is to throw your body at the mark when your arrows are spent.
Writing is more than a gift. It is a struggle that blesses those who see it through to the end.
I know writers have to be crazy. But more than that that, they have to get made and stay mad. If things don't make a writer mad, he'll end up writing Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottantail.
Always choose love over fear.
We are the thoughts we choose to keep.
I am looking at him, I am witnessing a unique physiological phenomenon: John Shade perceiving and transforming the world, taking it in and taking it apart, re-combining its elements in the very process of storing them up so as to produce at some unspecified date an organic miracle, a fusion of image and music, a line of verse.
Writing a book is a blood sport. If it doesn't hurt when you're done, you're probably doing something wrong.
The task of the artist at any time is uncompromisingly simple - to discover what has not yet been done, and to do it.
The surest path to success is to learn to have a healthy relationship with failure. If we aren't failing, then we aren't doing anything interesting.
It's the witching hour once more-When the Muse comes out to play.He calls me through that magic door-Where galaxies of worlds await!
For the length of time it takes to write a book, you need to believe that you're the only writer in existence; the only one who matters. You need to shut yourself away and allow the creativity to build up, not leak out through worry and comparisons and doubt.
We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.
Rule your mind or it will rule you.
Echo of your thoughts are more important than your actions because that has greater impact on the world.
At a certain age almost all the questions a person asks him or herself are really just about one thing: how should you live your life?
Do not speak about anyone who is not physically present.
What you have learned from experience is worth much more than gold. If you have a house it may burn down. Any kind of possession can be lost, but your experience is yours forever. Keep it and find a way to use it.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Without inspiration, we're all like a box of matches that will never be lit.
All humanity is one undivided and indivisible family. I cannot detach myself from the wickedest soul.
Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Curiosity is the single most important attribute with which humans are born. More than a simple desire to discover or know things, curiosity is a powerful tool, like a scalpel or a searchlight. Curiosity changes us. It is also a way to effect change, perhaps even on a global level.
When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
Suffering usually relates to wanting things to be different from the way they are.
I didn't know I had it in me. There's more to all of us than we realize. Life is so much bigger, grander, higher, and wider than we allow ourselves to think. We're capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to believe.
The opposite of interpersonal trust is not mistrust. It is despair. This is because we have given up on believing that trustworthiness and fulfillment are possible from others. We have lost our hope in our fellow humans.
To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
Don't try to follow trends. Create them.
The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.
Live like there's no tomorrow and learn as if your life depends on it
Focus on your goals, not your fear.
Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking. Sign and date
The practice of lovingkindness can uplift us & relieve sorrow & unhappiness.
People will find transformation and transcendence in a McDonald's hash brown if it's all they've got.
Momentum builds success.
The excitement of dreams coming true is beyond the description of words.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. Happiness is in your mind, not in the circumstance.
Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.
To conquer fear is the best way to gain your self-confidence.
It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.
Support and encouragement are found in the most unlikely places.
Life is real, and you canot live a lie.
The best traveler is one without a camera.
No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.
Think the tree that bears nutrition:though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition.So give all the love you have.Do not hold any in reserve.What is given is not lost; it shall return.
You can grow like a tall tree, when you enjoy the sun, wind, rain, storms and the stars in the dark nights.
Every negative...Jas a positive side...
Someone is always going to try to knock you down and take your place. It is up to you to fight for what you want.
Emotions are like muscles. Most of them go highly unattended, it's usually the weaker, undefined ones that cause injury to the rest, and there is most certainly memory response in play.
The problem is not that you have problems the problem is that you see having problems as a problem. 
We train the mind so that we can enjoy greater peace, happiness, wisdom & equanimity.
Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.
Till tomorrow good sir one must but gaze at stars
He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.~ Amunhotep El Bey
Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.
Into adulthood through which everyone is always in a different way. Do not feel left out because of it. So, do not worry about it. Since everyone has experienced the same thing.
Where you are is merely a point along the path to where you are going.
Your obstacles are not your end. Please remember that, and try again.
Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will.
Take a tram ride today.Recognise a dear friend in everyone around.Speak kindly to yourself.It is only your thoughts that bring you fear.You've been through a lot.There is perfect peace in this moment.
A bad dream can ruin your night, but a dream not chased can ruin your life.
Gravitate towards your heart's desire!
What doesn't kill me provides writing material.
Its not enough to just own a camera. Everyone owns a camera. To be a photographer you must understand, appreciate and harness the power you hold!
What do you care if people talk? Those who talk cannot harm you. Why should you be worried? You should only think about those things that please you. You have only one life in this world: soon you'll reach your eternal rest.
Having a camera is not enough. You must understand, appreciate, and harness the power you hold!
When your heart jumps every time your camera locks focus...You've become a photographer.
If you allow yourself to be bogged down and lose your enthusiasm, you are dead in the water. But if you remain optimistic, cheerful and committed to your goal, there's nothing that can stop you.
Awaken your heart!
Was ist schon das Licht der kleinen Schreibtischlampe gegen das Licht der Sonne? Die Sonne bescheint die ganze Welt. Und Lucias Schreibtischlampe schafft es nicht mal, ein Zimmer zu erhellen. Immer wieder gibt es dunkle Ecken, die der Mensch allein nicht durchschauen kann.
If you can't write a book, write a chapter. If you can't do that, write a page, a sentence or a word. For it is from a single word that books are made.
Your heart doesn't like shady strategies.
Give A Child Some Measure Of Confidence And You Have Caused Him To Stand On Equal Footing With His Counterparts...
Follow your heart.
Learn to master your thoughts and watch closely what you deposit into your spirit. Speak over your life. Living in peace has transformative power.
I highly recommended running through grassy trails in the rain. There is a haven of serenity out in nature, the sound of raindrops and the scent of flowers, the feeling of the water along my skin. Even in the middle of a busy city and an insane world, there is beauty everywhere. All we have to do is pause long enough to notice.
I see you. I see your strength and courage, your hesitations and fears. I see the way you love others, and your struggle to love yourself.I see how hard you work to grow, and your dedication to heal. I see your vulnerable humanity, and your transcendent divinity.I see you, and I love what I see.
Remember: we're drowning in information, but we're starving for wisdom.
Thirst is the aim for quest,It keeps inspiring to find more and more;Otherwise, satisfied we would sit,And lazily rest on the shore!
If human brain is like the world, then positive thinking must be the size of mountain, and negative thinking must be the size of mustard seed and not vice versa.
Only you can change your own world. No one else.
Your heart will challenge you, but also reward you beyond your wildest dreams.
We suddenly arrived in this very lost and strange city. Somewhere in the middle of the mountains. We didn't know where we are. We were just heading back to the sea. When we walked trough the forgotten city in silence, something inside us changed. We lost a bit of ourselves too and gained space for something new.
Holistic self-realization is the realization of your heart's desire. Why holistic? Because it involves your entire being.
Do not lose your heart," she said. What she did not tell me was that the surest way to lose it was to hold it tight.
Nearly every inspirational story out there is about a person who breaks away from his or her background or community - where the best is clearly defined and is not them - and goes off and becomes the best somewhere else. - Of Effortless Effort
You have to see the good in yourself before expecting someone else to see the good in you. Be aware of who you are and what you can truly be.
The courage to admit when you're wrong doesn't show weakness. It shows your strength. Your integrity speaks volumes about you as a person.
Just because someone tells you that you will never amount to anything doesn't mean you have to prove them right. Prove them wrong by succeeding. There is no sweeter revenge than making someone eat their words. Even if they don't admit they're wrong about you, you will know.
Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I'll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Art invariably grows out of a period when, in general, the artist admires his own nation and wants to win its approval.
Artistic temperament is like a king with vigor and unlimited opportunity. You shake the structure to pieces by playing with it.
Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.
Don't loaf and invite inspiration; light out after it with a club, and if you don't get it you will nonetheless get something that looks remarkably like it.
Winning isn't as sweet if you don't see an enemy cry. But remember, losers wail loud no matter what.
It is more important to go slow and gain the lessons you need along the journey then to rush the process and arrive at your destination empty.
7 keys to getting more things done: 1 start 2 dont make excuses3 celebrate small steps4 ignore critics5 be consistent6 be open7 stay positive
Violence can read like poetry. You just have to describe the act as if you're in love with the way your characters bleed.
I'll tell you right now, the doors to the world of the wild Self are few but precious. If you have a deep scar, that is the door; if you have an old, old story, that is the door.
Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?
If my life was pulled into the pages of a book, there would be coffee stains and wrinkles along the lines of that narrative. Because all I can wish is that the book of my life would be well read and well loved. Living within words and the sound of writing.
If you are on social media, and you are not learning, not laughing, not being inspired or not networking, then you are using it wrong.
Learn to hear your inner voice, be led by your heart and never stop giving back - this way you shall always walk the right path and shall never be walking alone.
People who have stepped fully into their power know they don't have to push or force things they know that real power comes from surrender. 
One day enough work will have been done. Enough prayers will have been said. Enough confidence will have been formed. One day with effortless certainty your dreams will manifest into physical form proving dreams really can come true. 
If we truly knew someone's entire life story and all the things they have been through we would drop all jealousy and comparison. We would admire their ability to shine.
You are here to be fully alive. Your expression is needed. Don't hold back
Whether you choose to move on from your struggles and enjoy life or waddle in your misery, life will continue.
You are never left out from the experience of love. You can always give and receive love right from where you're at. It's always up to you.
Don't stop believing,Don't be afraid of change,Don't underestimate yourself,Don't make excuses,Don't cheat yourself,Don't ever ever STOP!
On rare occasion we are granted the gift of seeing how far we have come just how much we have healed and how really free we are. This changes us. Never again will we underestimate our ability to rise. 
A regular meditation practice is one of the highest forms of self-love.
Listen to your soul it's calling you toward the life that is meant for you. 
Think of the air you breathe as love. Changes everything.
I always have the time, the room and the energy for more love.
Prayer may not change our outer circumstances but inwardly it can change everything
Helping professionals, therapists, life coaches, healers can greatly assist you in changing your life for the better, but they pale in comparison to the power thats gained from developing a relationship with yourself. It's you that holds the power for change
Make love and kindness toward yourself and others a lifestyle and not a special event
Love: the great connector. Stay Connected
Every great thing that's ever been achieved started with the belief that it could be.
People say mountains change in about ten years. If something as stubborn and mammoth as a mountain can change in a decade, the hearts of ordinary North Koreans can change. I'm sure of it. I'm living proof." --Ha Young, a North Korean defector
If we look at the happiest, most successful people and companies, they're those that have a positive attitude about continuously improving. It's growth. It's something new. It's an adventure.
Whatever the clouds plan to do I always trust in the sun which never fails to come out 
Raise your vibration, Not your tone of voice..You gain inspiration, For Peace is a choice.
Relax, Recharge and Reflect. Sometimes it's OK to do nothing.
The best-laid plans can fail for the lack of proper execution.
I spent all nightweaving a poem for you to wear. You look so beautifulwhen you wear my light.
Survivors don't allow the word QUIT in their dictionary because they know the art of staying positive in any kind of negative situation.""BE A SURVIVOR
Meditators dream of attaining the single-pointed focus that young children experience naturally when they play. Spiritual aspirants long for the rapture that defines moments of pure delight.
The source and essence of all creation can be found everywhere. It resides equally in you, in me, and in all things. True wisdom is the fullest understanding of this essence--an understanding that can happen only when there is no separation between the knower and the known.
Beautiful relations are based on bricks of trust, sometimes situations become unfriendly with no logical reasons behind it, some are eye-openers and some make you realize your faults , but if your intentions are right be bold enough to face all oppositions.
Only your children's grandchildren may remember our stories, but the stories are not what makes a life. It's living with a smile and a free spirit that will ripple throughout the stars.
Feminism is not a one size fits all kinda thing but anyone can wear it.
The resistance, though it comes in many forms, begins with the mistaken belief that I am somehow separate from change, and that I can control it, rather than to align myself with change as it makes itself apparent, and ride it.
Opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge. It requires no accountability, no understanding. The highest form of knowledge. is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another's world. It requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding.
It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning. 
Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life
The power of thought is the light of knowledge, the power of will is the energy of character, the power of heart is love. Reason, love and power of will are perfections of man.
When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.
The knowledge of the Universe is not secret, but is placed in the heart of every grandma and grandpa who have nothing and yet give everything to their grandchildren, in the eyes of every mother holding her baby close to her heart, in the spirit of every father holding the hand of his child walking for the first time.
Before you assume, learn. Before you judge, understand. Before you hurt, feel. Before you say, think.
The most powerful affirmation doesn't come from the conscious mind but from your Soul, an affirmation in which you are not trying to convince yourself of something you don't believe, but rather you are becoming aware of the truth and the reality of what you truly are.
Knowledge is the most powerful weapon.
It is better to be kind than to seek much knowledge.
Your own shortcomings are the best ground to grow your sense of humor.
There is no singular truth known to man. All that we know is but a fraction. Truth can only be seen in pieces.
What is knowledge, if it does to shape our conduct?
Reality is mainly based on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exist to you. Above all get knowledge and wisdom.
Science is the human endeavor to elevate the self and the society from the darkness of ignorance into the light of wisdom.
Feed two birds with one crumb.
If don't want to be eliminated, you must be innovative. Update your knowledge and you won't be outmoded.
You know what uranium is, right? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including some bad things.
There is only one ideal in the world, which is, the light of knowledge - the light of truth.
Each type of knowledge has value; however, from an engineering point of view, practical knowledge seems to be more valuable than theoretical knowledge.
Knowledge can be acquired by education, reading, communicating and observing, but also simply by living.
Psychologically speaking, far from being worthless, a system is indeed necessary, for any kind of human endeavor. A structure aids in the mind's endeavor of learning. But the moment the mind becomes dependent on the system and starts trusting the system more than the internal faculties of the mind, the very element of education fades away from the system.
All knowledge is born in the mind, and circumstances make them manifest.
After all, what is education, if not the unparalleled means to transcend the self- imposed physical limits of the mind and the body.
If we are to rise as real Sapiens, we must work towards spreading education among the masses.
The only service to be done for our downtrodden sisters and brother, is to give them education to develop their individuality. We must give them ideas, alongside cultivating their living conditions.
Change is constant.
Time well-spent is life well-lived.
Relationships are built on trust.
Time management is essential for a work-life balance.
Compromise makes relationships survive.
Sometimes, changing circumstances also changes relationships.
Good times don't last and bad times don't stay forever.
Change is difficult, since it challenges the status quo.
Perseverance guarantees success.
Strategy is influenced by circumstances.
Knowledge is something that fire cannot burn, water cannot wet, air cannot dry, thieves cannot steal, and the more you spend the more it increases.
In relationships, the cheater is unable to trust anyone, including the cheated.
Experience is costly knowledge.
Only time can reveal the future.
Strategy can turn a losing battle into a winning battle.
The winning strategy is the one that successfully adapts to the changing circumstances of time, place, and person.
Change is possible only if the top management agrees.
Entrepreneurs utilize even a negative change positively.
Those benefiting from the status quo, resist change.
Relationships need to be valued today, for tomorrow is uncertain.
Knowledge if churned like milk, results in the butter of wisdom.
Reasoning culminates in gaining knowledge.
Time should be spent happily without regrets.
Intelligent efforts are successful.
Unwise application of knowledge is dangerous.
Strategy can win over tricky situations.
Over time, repetition brings perfection, which brings success.
How one treats another one, determines success.
Sometimes a problem itself offers its own solution.
A clear mind achieves success.
Some problems are imaginary and not real.
With a common ground, solution of problems is easy.
Leaders prioritize what they want.
Improvements enable adapting to new situations.
Addressing the interests of the audience, results in effective communication.
Anger creates distances that shouting increases.
The wise communicate in subtle ways.
For further communication, previous communication may be archived or discarded.
Even if all communication from everyone is followed, yet one cannot please everyone.
Actions undertaken in anger, only result in pain, sorrow, and regret.
Mutual respect is an integral part of communication.
Workers can offer guidance for improving the work.
Improvement combines effectiveness with simplicity.
Even a child can offer ideas for improvement.
Leaders rule hearts, not people.
Angry issues need settling time.
Investor confidence rests on leaders who deliver.
Some leaders lead from the front.
Adverse situations used advantageously can offer solutions to problems.
Conflicts may create unfathomable distances.
Make sure a conflict exists before working to resolve it.
If the difficult tasks are completed first, then the remaining tasks seem easy.
Words motivate.
Conflicts are expensive.
Employees are usually motivated to stay or leave due to their managers.
Recognition motivates.
Conflicts have small beginnings.
A positive change in approach improves quality.
The quality of the product is inseparable from the quality of its parts.
Quality is all about taking care of the details.
The clearer the objective, the better the performance.
Quality solves the trade-off between margins and sales.
Work always makes a difference.
Growth-oriented performance demands sustained entrepreneurial efforts.
Any work not executed honestly, fails to fulfill its objective.
Well-intentioned but ill-informed actions usually compromise quality.
Criticizing is easy, performing is difficult.
Needless documentation hampers performance.
Motivation overcomes self-limitations.
Sensible motivation is always effective.
Regular and concentrated training makes an expert.
Training of parts leads to training of the whole.
Helping others is an effective way of training oneself.
Unfulfilled needs makes training unfulfilled.
The highest training trains oneness.
The concern of a team member is also the concern of the team.
Mutually helping team members achieve both individual and team objectives.
Conflicts need to be resolved at the earliest.
For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.
If education were the same as information, the encyclopedias would be the greatest sages in the world.
A satisfied customer brings more customers.
A team is more than the sum of the individuals.
This is not education my friend. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens, and thereby falsely labeled as Education.
Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life.
All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Mind is the Alpha - Mind is the Omega. There is nothing else in the pursuit of knowledge. And more importantly, there is nothing else in education. All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
If you cannot solve a problem, ask someone who knows.
Highlighting strengths increases sales.
Good sales copy creates good sales.
In sales, every prospect is a potential customer.
In order to sell, salespersons have to correctly evaluate and cater to customer choices.
Retail selling benefits from aggressive publicity.
Real education leads to the liberation of the mind.
A team succeeds where an individual fails.
Some team members act as adhesives to unite the team.
Once you die, that's it - game over.
Once you die, that's it - game over. Death is the ultimate cessation of the individual Self.
Death is the ultimate cessation of the individual Self.
Don't be afraid to study hard: knowledge never exhausts the mind.
Only knowledge and truth may result in freedom of mind.
The purpose of revelation is to alter your experience.
What one person calls miracle, I call nature.
No knowledge comes from the outside world or an imaginary supernatural paradise.
Come out, O lions, and shake off the ancient mysticism and prejudices.
Come out my friend. Come out from the narrow lanes of darkness. Come out into the vivacious light of the day where all the glory resides.
Execution is something, but timing is everything.
Develop the mindset that prompts you to continue pressing pass your norms - you'll begin to discover a whole new you.
The are two kinds of people in this modern society. First and the majority are those fools who think they are wise, and second are the few wise individuals who know that they are fools.
Come out my friend. Come out from the narrow lanes of darkness into the vivacious light of the day.
One who knows what he or she knows as well as what he or she does not know is a genius.
Wisdom begins in knowing the self.
There is a system alright, but the actual element of education has long gone.
Try to put well into practice what you already know. In so doing, you will, in good time, discover the hidden things you now inquire about.
Books may be the most valuable treasure of knowledge, but it is the human mind, that turns that knowledge into wisdom.
The highest wisdom is to know that you know nothing.
teach your brain now .. don't wait until life teach you !
Self-knowledge is the greatest kind of knowledge.
Know the One - the Self, and you'll know the All.
There is no Frigate like a book.
Libraries are more than just a storage place for books, they are treasure troves filled with creativity and knowledge. And that knowledge can be empowering.
Only the foolish would think that wisdom is something to keep locked in a drawer. Only the fearful would feel empowerment is something best kept to oneself, or the few, and not shared with all.
Knowledge deepens with experience.
People who give the best are those who give of themselves - your time, talents, words, knowledge.
Knowledge makes you powerful and proud wisdom makes you simple and humble. 
Creativity is a song of knowledge, imagination, and action.
Knowledge is the most essential ingredient of life, and it comes from curiosity.
Common sense comes not just from knowledge, but also from wisdom.
If your thirst for knowledge is strong enough, you will find the waters to satisfy it.
It is always healthy to be honest.
Sacrifice of the self is sheer stupidity if sacrifice is not for the self.
To admit your ignorance is freeing. To say, "I don't know" is to free yourself from having to come up with a bullshit answer.
Be a true traveller, don't be a temporary tourist.
Knowledge is a potential power when we use it to gain wisdom through reflection and careful actions.
Don't accept any knowledge or conventional wisdom without critically questioning it first.
Knowledge, ideas, and wisdom are the most powerful forces that we can use to improve lives while bringing peace to this beautiful world.
A man might share his wealth, but never his authority.
Trekking means a travelling experience with a thrilling excitement.
Travelling the road will tell you more about the road than the google will tell you about the road.
Travelling shouldn't be just a tour, it should be a tale.
Any impossibility turned into a possibility is magic.
Be creative while inventing ideas, but be disciplined while implementing them.
Travel teaches as much as a teacher.
Life is not only about acquiring knowledge, it is about applying knowledge.
The one who love power becomes dictator and one who admires power becomes slave.
Enjoy without injury, live without loss.
In life, you learned that not all white people are racist, not all black folks are criminals, let's admit it and love one another..
Knowledge is a commodity to be shared. For knowledge to pay dividends, it should not remain the monopoly of the selected few.
History, Geology, Psychology, Philosophy, Chemistry, Physics, Theology, Mathematics, Technology, Sociology, Biology, and the list goes on and on. If all this body of knowledge exist for human consumption, why would I specialize in only one field?
Intelligence is not knowledge, but it is a state of mind.
Come on then, I will swear to study soTo know the thing I am forbid to know- Berowne
I write to understand what I know.
Knowledge is the seed for thought. Knowledge, experience, and thoughts give birth to wisdom.
Knowledge is learning something from every observation wisdom is learning to use that knowledge with love. 
I am as knowledgeable as Socrates I know nothing. 
Many have knowledge and only few have wisdom.
Knowledge lets you swim and wisdom lets you fly.
Knowledge will help you to gain wisdom wisdom will open your mind to being kind. 
Knowledge is borrowed wisdom is earned. 
when you become addict in to MATERIAL things in life then the TRUE natural life start to run away from you, YES! it's can give you certain pleasure in the society but in the same time it will sabotage your true HAPPINESS of life which we could have simply with GRATITUDE and FORGIVENESS
Creativity is the key to discovery.
A search for knowledge is a search for the truth.
Knowledge gives shows us a direction education gives us power to walk. 
The world needs all types of minds.
The sun enlightens everyone, but the light of knowledge enlightens those who are actively seeking the light.
Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.
Search. Search.
It is difficult to learn what you do not enjoy. So love every bit of knowledge and enjoy every moment.
Knowledge is the ultimate secret of courage.
Knowledge is light.
Everything we experience in life is designed to shape our characters.
Curiosity is the origin of knowledge. Experience is the origin of wisdom.
Knowledge is the essence of organized information systems. Wisdom is the essence of knowledge and experience.
Knowledge and wisdom comes from interaction-- not from inaction.
Education is the progressive unfolding of our own beauty with the light of knowledge like the blooming of a flower.
A seeker of knowledge is the search for wise words.
Education shouldn't be the prison of known knowledge, but it should be the bridge to find the yet unknown universe of knowledge.
A person with a big ego usually knows very little.
With the wings of knowledge, it is easier to fly toward the blue sky of wisdom.
Knowledge has no value if it does not enhance your wisdom.
Our knowledge is so limited that often we are not much better than an ape.
Seek knowledge to amaze yourself endlessly.
I go to bed with knowledge to dream, then dreams wake me up with the lights of wisdom.
We often feel proud of our knowledge even when it is filled with emptiness.
The purpose of education should not to be to fill you with knowledge, but education should make you hungry for knowledge.
Knowledge comes from curiosity wisdom comes from experience. 
The gift of knowledge is empowering, but the gift of wisdom is life-changing.
The sole purpose of knowledge is to create hunger for experience.
The wisdom of our ancestors is immortal.
Reading is a sacred-paradise.
Mastering facts is knowledge. Mastering knowledge is wisdom.
You can discover your sacred paths by reading.
There are three parts to learning: information, knowledge and wisdom, A mere accumulation of information is not knowledge, and a treasure of knowledge is not in itself, wisdom.
Fear comes from the lack of knowledge and a state of ignorance. The best remedy for fear is to gain knowledge.
Knowledge is the beauty of a diamond, but wisdom is the shining reflection of that beauty.
All the beauty of wisdom and knowledge resides in kindness.
The mind is the treasury for knowledge, but the heart is the treasury for love and kindness.
Knowledge is a power that you can borrow trust is a power which defines your inner strength. 
If knowledge is a glass of water, then wisdom is the unlimited, infinite and not yet invented ocean.
To gain wisdom, you must not only acquire knowledge, but you must assimilate it within your being.
Knowledge is borrowed wisdom is unique. 
When you share your knowledge, you gain wisdom. Share as much as you can and as often as you can.
Without education, there will be no knowledge. Without knowledge, how can there be success?
We gain knowledge from education we gain wisdom from knowledge and experience. 
When you sweeten your knowledge and experience with your thoughts, it becomes your wisdom.
Knowledge is the ultimate key to open the door to freedom.
Sharpen your mind with the beauty of knowledge and the tears of experience to be wise.
Knowledge is a wealth that cannot be stolen it will grow when you try to give it away. 
True liberty comes from education, knowledge, and wisdom.
To find your self, get lost is the search of knowledge and wisdom.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
REJECTION is kind of your negative ILLUSION which has no value but it's give you a CLUE to go for next level of your ACTION.
Know something about something. Don't just present your wonderful self to the world. Constantly amass knowledge and offer it around.
When you are searching for knowledge, knowledge is also searching for you.
Knowledge is beautiful science is amazing. 
Curiosity is the beginning of knowledge, but understanding is the beginning of wisdom.
Your VISION and your self-willingness is the MOST powerful elements to conquer your goal
If you are not EXCITED enough at your present life its mean your future is not EXITING. Excitement will give you ENTHUSIASM and enthusiasm will give you a positive energetic LIFE STYLE which could give you a successful exiting life.
Your traditional EDUCATION is not going to CHANGE your life but the life you are experiencing that can change you. Choose a POSITIVE life STYLE with positive ATTITUDE which could bring you a life with HAPPINESS and WISDOM
Autumn is a momentum of the natures golden beauty., so the same it's time to find your momentum of life
How you think and create your inner world that you gonna become in your outer world. Your inner believe manifest you in the outside
CONFIDENCE is not showing off your VANITY, it's about to be HUMBLED and KIND to others what are you truly SKILLED and PROFESSIONAL about.
The future depends on attitude, aptitude, and gratitude--not on knowledge.
There is no knowledge without learning. There is no wisdom without experience.
By philosophy, history, economics and science, all knowledge and wisdom, humanity may eventually arrive at the awareness of its own oneness.... Sudipta Das
Because you're always learning, the chief lesson remains: you still know nothing.
If we knew what is already there, there will be no need for research.
Dare to seek answers to your questions.
The courage to ask question is the willingness to know.
The courage to ask question is a daring act.
Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.
Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.
If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be. 
One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise
Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.
How would your life be different if.You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day.You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.
You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!
There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.
Today is the only day in which we have any power.
You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.
Go as far as you can see and you will see further.
Your agreement with reality defines your life.
Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.
...success is not a comparison of what we have done with what others have done.
Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.
The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.
Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It's inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.
Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.
Participate in your own dreams, don't just say what you want or complain about what you don't have.
When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.
Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore - and then you get something out of her
We may place blame, give reasons, and even have excuses; but in the end, it is an act of cowardice to not follow your dreams.
Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness
While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don't just exist through it - LIVE through it!
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.
Stop just cheering for others who are living their visions. Commit yourself to your own success and follow the steps required to achieve it.
You've got to be sure of yourself beforeYou can ever win a prize.
The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice
Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.
Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!
A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.
When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.
Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.
Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.
No guts, no story.
People can change anything they want to, and that means everything in the world. 
Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!
Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.
What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.
Success doesn't come to you you go to it. 
The French say you get hungry when you're eating, and I get inspired when I'm working. It's my engine
The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description.
You've been given the innate power to shape your life.
Remember, results aren't the criteria for success - it's the effort made for achievement that is most important.
Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.
Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about.
The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.
The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.
Once you figure out what you want in life-expect nothing less.
Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.
Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.
I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!
The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.
Big things begin with big thinking.
For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them
An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.
If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.
If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.
Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.
The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!
As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.
Success is a decision, not a gift.
I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.
While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.
Do ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.
The way to be nothing is to do nothing
hard work + smart work = eye caching success, shortcut is not ever
Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently
When you're busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.
There are three qualities that every individual must have to achieve success: a Monk's patience, a Warrior's courage, a Child's imagination.
The strength of every individual is the grace for great work.
Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.
If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.
The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.
Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.
It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.
You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.
The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.
Failure is The Way of Success
The ladder of success is there waiting for you... you just have to realize it and reach towards and climb as high as you can you will surely be successful.
Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!
Anything worthy is worth the fight!
Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.
The only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind.
Have nuts and be nuts.
COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels...!
I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory it has my complete focus. 
Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal
Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy,To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!
Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.
The price you have to pay to be great at something - is repetition.
There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?
Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.
The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.
If obstacles are large, jump higher.
Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.
Act like a champion, and then become one.
It is action that creates motivation.
If not now, when?
Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.
If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.
If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.
Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say -'I gave up too soon'.
Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You've got to be committed.
The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.
Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.
It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.
If not you, who?
It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.
Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.
The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.
See it, feel it, trust it!
Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.
You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.
If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.
The sprint is like life ... blink and you miss it.
The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.
Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.
A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.
Invest your energy in the things you can control.
See it first in your mind, then become it.
Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.
To think is good. To obsess is bad.
Lucky people will focus on what's in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they're searching for.
Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.
They don't give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.
When you think a positive thought, you become positive.
Remember, if you don't do anything - if you don't change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want - then everything stays the same, nothing changes.
Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it's in you.
The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.
The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.
Although you can't go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.
Tell me your thinking, and I'll tell you what your life looks like.
These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.
If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can't keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.
Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others'.
For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.
To deliver your own personal maximum, you'll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.
If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.
I can only strive for what is important
Remember, you are not aspiring for perfection, Bombshell. You are aspiring for progress, one step at a time.
Do your best in the day, for the day, and then work on tomorrow when it comes. Show yourself grace and laugh at yourself.
The more you tell yourself that you are trying to do something rather than telling yourself that you are doing said thing, the harder it is to have success in your attempts. By saying that you are trying to do something you are focusing on the negatives making it impossible to have a positive outcome.
No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become "Successful".
You can do it. That thing you just thought of, you can do it.
When your car needs gas, you go to a gas station and get back on the road. You don't stay at the gas station for the rest of your life. Learn to rest and never to quit. Remember this while you journey through life.
If you go with the flow, life will take you where it pleases, good or bad. If you take charge and fight, you can go anywhere that you please.
If you are willing to work for it, you can obtain whatever you want. Just put in the hard work and watch everything begin to move your way.
If you want your life to be successful, you must look inward. You must change how you think before your life can change. You change your thinking. You change your actions. You change your life.
Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.
A Bombshell wants it all, yet she is beginning to see shecan't have it all at once.
The concept of work-life balance is a fleeting idea for a Bombshell. Instead, a focus on work-life success-where her time and energy shifts based on the rotating demands of each area of her life-is far more realistic.
Sorry, Sister. You're not normal. You're exceptional. You're a Bombshell. If this was easy, everyone would be a successful business owner.
I want to define success by redefining it. For me it isn't that solely mythical definition - glamour, allure, power of wealth, and the privilege from care. Any definition of success should be personal because it's so transitory. It's about shaping my own destiny.
Fail early, fail often.
If nobody else will give you a platform, build your own!
Life is surprises, try not to expect everything.
Break the rules not because you don't know better, but because you know them too well
Resources don't last forever. They must either be USED, MANAGED or they will be WASTED.
A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.
When YOU choose to change, your reality must change accordingly. It simply has no other choice.
Things do not happen TO you. They happen THROUGH you.You are the co-creator of everything in your reality.
Life is a continuous learning experience.
Discipline is the thing that makes you do what you might not want to, but you do it anyway because it's what you have to do in order to get what you want or desire.
Success is not a question of how much power or money you have acquired. It is a question of how satisfied you are with WHO YOU ARE.
Great victories and mountain experiences are invariably followed by vulnerabilities and emotional valley experiences. Know that and get prepared physically, mentally and emotionally.
People who create their own opportunities will get further in life than people who expect opportunities to be created for them.
Stop stalling. Get out of your own way and go for it.
Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignarance and greed.
We give up too soon. The sure way to succeed is to endure to the very end.
Those who mock at you, shall one day worship you.
In times of failure you are alone. But success brings many friends.
I use to tell people what to do, but with age I have learned to let them consider the options, if they look hard enough they will always find some few options.
Dream big as you can and shoot for the stars, but get started even if its small baby steps, they count!
When your dream doesn't come true just go ahead and dream another one! 
It is not speed that matters, it's persistence.
Make today and all your tomorrows count, so you never have to waste another minute regretting your yesterdays.
Success is fucking up on your own terms.
To sum it up, succuss is merely a small act of courageousness.
Be an empowertarian. A person who empowers their own life and that of others.
You only fix something, when it's broken. And you - are far from broken.
Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Women are no sheep. Women are no fragile showpiece to be placed above the fire-place. Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world.
The representation of women in the society, especially through mass media has been the most delusional act ever done on the grounds of human existence.
A society where feminine beauty is defined not by the human self on genuine intellectual and sentimental grounds, but by a computer software on the grounds of economic interest, is more dead than alive. It is a society of human bodies, not human beings.
How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.
Listen my dear sister! You only fix something, when it's broken. And you - are far from broken. Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
The female brain itself is a highly intuitive emotion-processing machine, which when put to practice in the progress of the society, would do much more than any man can with all his analytical perspectives.
Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world. And given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world. Harmony and conflict-solving run in their veins. Whereas men have evolved into more authoritarian creatures.
I'd rather listen to what you think of yourself, than what the whole world has to say about you.
I believe in you my friend, so much so, that if any of my ideas make you feel belittled in any manner, I want you to rise against me and throw my work into the fire. Any notion, any book, any institution that weakens the self instead of strengthening it, must be discarded at ones.
You don't need to see yourself through the delusional eyes of the society. It's the society that needs to see you, through your eyes.
It is only when you are confident about your own self, that the society begins to hail you the way you want.
O my Courageous Sister! You have to become the beacon of hope for all women around you and then for the whole society.
I am a scientist who studies the human mind, including the sexual differences in mental faculties, and I am telling you, ten female thinkers can teach humanity lessons equivalent to the teachings of a hundred male thinkers of history.
Remember, for a society to truly progress we don't need woman or man, we need a fully-fledged human - nothing short of that would do.
Given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world.
All the bloodsheds in human history have been caused by men, not women.
Once your character is poured with vigor and your attitude radiates confidence, there is no power in any external force to have any form of authority over you.
Gender equality is not a belief, it is not an idea - it is a key element of the society that will define whether we the humans shall march ahead towards glory and advancement, or sink into the abyss of an existential doom.
Women are no sheep.
The real battle is within yourself.
Any book that spreads weakness in the heart of one gender, and authoritarianism in the other, must be burnt to ashes.
All great achievements are attained through mighty obstacles.
Any nation that does not learn to place women on the same pedestal of respect and dignity as men, will never in a thousand years attain greatness.
If you really want to grow great, you need to avoid costly pleasures and preserve your future treasures.
You are not born to follow the society, you are born to inspire it - you are born to teach it - you are born to build it.
The world doesn't need a good woman who is meekly obedient to the uncivilized social norms that advocate female inferiority. The world needs those bad women who can think for themselves, to break the primeval norms of the society that consistently drag the human civilization back to the stone-age.
For thousands of years, the dumb, uncivilized, stone-age society has reduced women to mere prizes to be won, objects to be shown off, and playthings to be abused and toyed with. Now is the time to stop this primitive madness.
To become a better you, do not see the failure of your first attempts and declare yourself a loser.
Millions of successful people on earth were once big time failures who tried few times again.
Beauty is an illusion.
Sow the seeds of hard work and you will reap the fruits of success. Find something to do, do it with all your concentration. You will excel.
To become better you, look nowhere else for greatness. All you need to improve and succeed are right there in you.
Ideas taken and planted into the grave do not germinate.
Show the world you are not here to just pass through. Leave great footprints wherever you pass and be remembered for the change you initiated.
Your skills will aid you to define your brand. Your brand determines who leads you and who you lead.
No struggle, no success. The stronger the thunder, the heavier the rainfall
To be successful, love yourself and be originally you. Discover what you were born to do and do it well.
If attempting to make the world a civilized one, makes you a bad woman in the eyes of the dumb patriarchal society, then, by all means, be it.
If you are capable, but not available, nature will raise a person with lesser ability to replace you soon.
When it is time to sow, sow and when it is time to harvest, you will harvest. Obey this rule.
Arise my Sister! Awake my Sister! Start walking in the path of building your own identity!
Ideal is the one, who knows the self.
Seven Ways To Get Ahead in Business:1. Be forward thinking 2. Be inventive, and daring3. Do the right thing4. Be honest and straight forward5. Be willing to change, to learn, to grow6. Work hard and be yourself7. Lead by example
Dare to stretch hard and make it a point to do the hard thing others are afraid to try.
To become a better you, admit that you were not born for the floor. Refuse to embrace mediocrity anytime anywhere.
To become a better you, look nowhere else for another alarm to blow before you wake up. Get up and rise up.
If you are going to quit after a couple of steps, you aren't going to be the best you can ever be.
Never let the weight of challenges and the duration of your dreams scare you to give up.
A potential is a hidden greatness. It is the success to be realized. It is an accomplishment yet to be uncovered.
Any fool can break something, criticise someone and tear things apart. It takes a far more skilled, wise and kind soul to build something, nurture someone, fix things and help others thrive over time.
Start today creating a vision for yourself, your life, and your career. Bounce back from adversity and create what you want, rebuild and rebrand. Tell yourself it's possible along the way, have patience, and maintain peace with yourself during the process.
There is no shortcut for hard work that leads to effectiveness. You must stay disciplined because most of the work is behind the scenes.
Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts
Life is not a race....Everyone can win, so stop going around in circles.
Love is basic of success.
What a hundred caring, courageous and conscientious women can achieve in ten years, would take a thousand men a hundred years.
Start today creating a vision for yourself, your life, and your career. Bounce back from adversity and create what you want, rebuild and rebrand. Tell yourself it's possible along the way, have patience, and maintain peace with yourself during the process..
Who should open the door of success for you...you that's who!
Be around people that make you want to be a better person, who make you feel good, make you laugh, and remind you what's important in life.
Your words control your life, your progress, your results, even your mental and physical health. You cannot talk like a failure and expect to be successful.
Focus on your work. Do what you're great at. Don't compare yourself to others and or waste time criticizing the lives and work of others. Do what matters most to you and make a difference doing that.
Beating the competition is relatively easy. Beating yourself is a never-ending commitment.
If you are in a position where you can reach people, then use your platform to stand up for a cause. HINT: social media is a platform.
No one else knows exactly what the future holds for you, no one else knows what obstacles you've overcome to be where you are, so don't expect others to feel as passionate about your dreams as you do.
Be yourself....and make the world adjust!
When you stay in your comfort zone, you are not learning.
It shouldn't take a life-changing event for you to change your life.
If you have assimilated even one idea and made it your life, you have more education than any person who has got by heart the entire Library of Congress.
Don't be defeatist due to the mistakes you make. Mistakes are inevitable part of growth.
Success is like water, the more thirsty you are for it is the more you will drink it, and you'll need it forever to survive.
We all carry success gene within us, but its manifestation is our responsibility.
I set goals.I take chances.I dare to achieve.I win.I lose.I don't quit.It's my life and I'm not afraid to LIVE it!I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.
Opportunities will never notify you before knocking, but you need to be ready to open the doors.
Failure or success do not happen by accident, they are the compound interest of action or inaction.
You only ever have three things: 1) your self, wellbeing and mindset 2) Your life network, resources and resourcefulness 3) Your reputation and goodwill. Treasure and tend the first. Value, support and build the second. And mindfully, wisely ensure that the third (your life current and savings account) is always in credit.
One, two, three, Im gon be crazy and free.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Plant the seed now, enjoy the fruit later.
Rules don't count when the dream is big enough.
Work hard in Silence, Let success make the noise.
Ability, commitment, effort. Those are the three things required to succeed. If you have them, success will happen as sure as the sun will rise.You just have to give it time
Each day wake up and ask yourself what will make you feel most alive that day.
At the very moment when people underestimate you is when you can make a breakthrough.
To achieve something, you need to be a little selfish...!!
Legends are born in solitude. Idiots are born in packs.
CHALLENGES MAKE US RISE TO THE OCASSION.
We often don't realise how much strength we have until challenged to use it. Once tested, we know how strong or weak we are.
Through challenge and difficulty, we learn to see life differently than before.
Our trials are our greatest teachers, mentors and benefactors.
You can't be jealous of someone else's results. You don't know the prayer, process, sacrifice, and work they endured for it.
The insights gathered from those relatively unique experiences can add wisdom to our own travels.
No one will share your dreams until they come to reality let desire remain effervescent and never despair 
Pursue your passion, work with your intuition learn as a child and adapt as water.
Through our trials and tribulations, our stint in the wilderness of our lives, if you will, we come face to face with our darker traits, do battle with them, and round off the rougher edges of our character in the process.
Challenges in and of themselves do nothing. But they create circumstances where growth can occur in ways it can't while sailing in smoother waters.
After failure, You must resolve to do whatever the object of your resolution is.
As we go, we become more deeply committed to a life of purpose and meaning and personal decency as we come to feel a broader connection to the shared experience of humanity.
Surrender is not an option, keep trying is the answer.
If you stumble, you get back up. If you fall off the wagon, you have the next go at it. And then the next. And the next. And the next.
Change is automatic, but Growth is intentional.
You see it as me going back. I see it as me staying on track.
Some champions are born others are forged! 
May success chase and find you as you work hard.
All great achievements of humanity begin with the madness of a few lion-hearts.
Cleverness in itself is useless. It's like a peacock's feathers - an extravagant display used by those who crave attention.The mind's worth is revealed when clever solves real problems.
Never mind the mistakes. One day they will become your most prized possessions.
The darkest moments of the night herald the imminent advent of a radiant sun.
There are two types of people: those that are going somewhere and those that ain't.
You must hiss at people who intend to undermine your individuality with their false pride and intellectual stupidity. You must frighten them away, lest they should do you harm. Act like you have a lot of venom inside you, but never inject them into anyone.
Criticisms of a society filled with fools have no power in them to bother the sage that has emerged from the agonizing fire of misery.
Realize yourself. Realize your abilities. Be sincere to nobody else, but yourself. Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal.
Never focus your attention on what the world has to say about you. Rather turn your focus inside and listen to what your inner voice has to say to you.
Have faith in yourself. All the power is in your biology already. Be conscious of that power and bring it out. Remember, truth is indestructible, virtue is indestructible, purity is indestructible.
Pay attention and listen. Your inner self has to say something to you. Listen to that eternal entity within, and you shall discover the way through which you'll reach your goal.
You can find the answers to the most complicated questions of life from your deepest self. Pay attention and listen.
Pain is our salvation 'cos when it's dark enough, a star will reveal itself.
Someone is always feeding fat off everything you don't know.
The idea that sins can be forgiven is at the root of mankind's problems. Everyone pays...sooner or later.
Be excellent in your own terms. Do not look for approval from a single soul on this planet. Respect yourself and in time the whole world will respect you. It is a tragedy of modern life that the light of truth scares the society much more than the darkness of ignorance.
Respect yourself and in time the whole world will respect you.
The more you worry about your spending, the less you focus on increasing your capacity.
Light up the radiant flame of conscience, goodwill and compassion in your heart, and go over the length and breadth of your society in the pursuit of shedding light over the whole world. And in time, you'll become a glorious sun that will shine over the entire human population.
Do not listen to a single soul, but your own inner voice. Foster your will and make it as wild as possible. Dive deep into the mysterious fathoms of the universe and accomplish your purpose by hook or by crook, even if it means going down to the bottom of the ocean to meet your doom.
With each drop of tear that we shed in our times of excruciating pain, our brain constructs majestic new cellular connections to aid in the pursuit of our passion - in the pursuit of truth.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
Failure brings success to those who don't quit.
True success is doing what you are born to do and doing it well.
Be focused and learn what it takes to excel in your calling. Be patient and persistent in your drive to succeed. Be ready to pay the price of success because wealth without sweat is wishful thinking. Never give up on your dreams so you don't lose what can actually bring you true success.
I challenge you to go after whatever it is you want in life. Don't die without trying to be all that you can be. In this book, I'm not encouraging you to sit back, nod and agree with me. I'm strongly encouraging you to go out and live your life to the full, do amazing things and be the best that you can be.
The most important ingredient in the soup of life that makes its worthy to relish is the belief that success, greatness, happiness, joy, conquest, victory, triumph, peace and love are indeed achievable.
We are in the age of achievements provided we are adequately informed. we are not too young to make a difference nor too old to chart a new course
Crises is the code that can open the gene of success for some.
First visualize your goal in your mind. Then have a leap of faith, and let your passion guide you throughout the process.
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.
If you know, you are smart then never try to negotiate your intelligence for the inept.
Every mountain top is within reach if you just keep climbing.
A man, whilst he is dreaming, believes in his dream; he is undeceived only when he is awakened from his slumber.
Once you've decided that something's absolutely true, you've closed your mind on it, and a closed mind doesn't go anywhere. Question everything. That's what education's all about.
In the times of trouble, be like the strong wall. In the times of joy, be like the smiling sun.
There is no wealth like knowledge, no poverty like ignorance.
He believed that lack of education was the root of all of Pakistan's problems. Ignorance allowed politicians to fool people and bad administrators to be re-elected.
Segregation shaped me education liberated me. 
Teachers are the one and only people who save nations.
Your sweet thank-you touches my heart, take my breath away, my only love. This day is only I have got.
A homeless man visited my store today. The few quarters that he had in his pocket he invested on books. I offered him free books, but he insisted on giving me his quarters. He walked away filled with joy as if he possessed the world's riches in his hands. In a way, he did. He left me smiling and knowing that he was wealthier than many others... (01-21-10)
It is my mood which decides the weather, it is my mood which brings the tiny changes to humankind.
Life is three hours journey; childhood, adulthood & old-hood; filled with inspiration, perspiration and desperation.
I may not have a degree, but I certainly got an education.
Sometimes, the way around prejudice is education.
Man kills, the things he love the most, sometimes by the virtue of hatred, crime, anger and war and sometimes by dramatizing his activities. But he is not aware that his killings are his own self-image.
A university training is the great ordinary means to a great but ordinary end; it aims at raising the intellectual tone of society.It is the education which gives a man a clear conscious view of his own opinions and judgments, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them and a force in urging them.
You have a life make a success of it. 
Observing your thoughts, feelings & sensations is the grist of the practice.
Sine doctrina vita est quasi mortis imago" [Without learning, life is but the image of death]
Learning is the process of making ideas, while studying is the process of using those ideas.
In chaos is where learning happens the most.
You can learn to write by writing.
I always returned from my travels with new books.
Experience is the only subject worthwhile of study.
But what good is it to teach a child to count, if you don't show him that he counts for something?
There is far, far more to being human than any of us can become on our own.
Training is a necessary tool.
Education is a cycle of reading, thinking and writing.
What we ought to know we never be taught in the classroom.
We as ambitious human beings can maintain self respect by influencing ourselves to behave as civil human beings and focus on our long term goals by not allowing others to take advantage of our lives.
You must do much work to fulfill your dream.
The real education is the reality of how well you live life.
Scott himself had taught me that in the boundless sphere of the intellect there is no prudishness, no shockability. There is only evaluation of facts, and a morality founded on truth.
Experience does for the soul what education does for the mind.
Sow the seeds of weakness and inferiority in the kids and they'll grow up to be inferior, crawling, insignificant insects. Sow the seeds of courage and they'll become brave-heart leaders who will one day change the course of human history.
Love and Compassion - these are the greatest education a person can ever have.
Character- building education is what the world needs - education, that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say some other time, pal!
If you don't allow one to become a lion, one will become a sheep. And the world is already filled with sheeps, which is the major cause of the society's intellectual and moral downfall. For a better future to evolve, where humanism will be an all-pervading virtue and separatism will be a matter of ancient history, the world needs lions.
My mother made me a scientist without ever intending to. Every other Jewish mother in Brooklyn would ask her child after school: So? Did you learn anything today? But not my mother. Izzy, she would say, did you ask a good question today? That difference - asking good questions - made me become a scientist.
The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Your nation needs you. Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel.
Education is the manifestation and evolution of the knowledge that is already inherent within you.
A well educated human being does not express his or thoughts that can perplex others because he or she has mastered the knowledge to avoid mentioning ideas that are vague, irrelavent and not compelling .
Whatever you want, work for it.
If you terminate a person from your life who is very toxic towards your reputation, you can actually lead yourself pertaining a career that you desire without any interference.
there is no place of politics in education. The moment you let politics invade your education system, you inadvertently welcome chaos into the future of young India. Educational institutions have nothing to do with political propagandas. So, open your eyes, and throw any kind of political agenda out of your institutions.
When people have a controversial opinion about an event or a prominent figure, it can significantly increase conflicts of interests that can result people to be socially excluded who don't share the same perspective as them. The way people can end conflicts of interests is to negotiate their conflicting views and unite in order to establish tranquility.
Ignorance rises in our counity because people do not utlize their common knowledge to express their thoughts to others that can be considered fair and rational.
Ignorance rises in our community because people do not utlize their common knowledge to express their thoughts to others that can be considered fair and rational.
If you bewilder other people about your self identify, this shows that you are behaving really good in disguise. Also, if posses this kind of personality, you will likely have no remorse for your mistakes and you will eventually lose your trust from others.
Insanity can inhibit a person from thinking consciously about his or her thoughts and actions that can result him or her to perform dangerous acts without realizing at all.
The authorities of this so-called education take pride in their ship shape structure where they manufacture dumb manikins.
Education means breaking free from the manacles of limitations put forward by primitive ignorance.
This is not Education. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens.
The flow of knowledge towards the mind should be moderated by the faculties of the mind itself, based on the acceptability of nothing but the mind.
The world needs teachers - teachers who have broken their own shackles of indoctrination - teachers who can go beyond the narrow-mindedness of the society. A handful of these young, brave and zealous teachers in every nation, shall be enough to rekindle the spark of pure knowledge in the entire species.
Unfortunately for the university, none of that information could make the slightest place for itself inside the circuits of my brain. I was looking for education, but all I found was heartless indoctrination. And indoctrination is not just demeaning to the human conscience, it is lethal for the flourishing psychology of the hungry, young mind.
Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel. Do not exploit the means of education to become a man or a woman. Use it to become a human being, in the pursuit of excellence.
All systems of the society are meant to serve the mind, not the mind to serve the systems.
If we are devoted to some inspirational and significant people in our lives, they will never vanish from our memories. The people who we do not keep a good relation with can be forgotten because they do not take affirmative action to help you overcome your obstacles.
My mother's gifts of courage to me were both large and small. The latter are woven so subtly into the fabric of my psyche that I can hardly distinguish where she stops and I begin.
I am not a Books warm, but I like Books too much.
Growing up, I knew where the world ended. I could see it, at the horizon, where the sky touched the corn. My life was bounded and known. I *knew* the edges of the world. And then I went to college.
A great sense of commitment builds a hardworking spirit.
There is a skill to learning. It is all about what is and what is not. While Science is knowing what is, Art is creating what is not.
Never let your education interfere with your learning.
Irinistic motivation can help people attain academic success and possess themselves with great depth of knowledge.
Being fatigued and restless about challenging responsibilities could not lead you to a situation of yourself being highly respected about your dignity and accomplishments.
The one great art is that of making a complete human being of oneself.
We are all born extraordinary! shape your today to cherish your tomorrow
I don't teach. I just show them why to learn, what to learn, how to learn, and the ultimate purpose of learning.
Like the sun, a teacher enlightens a mind with his love, warmth, and light.
I teach not by feeding the mind with data but by kindling the mind.
The best teacher teaches by inspiring students to learn by showing them the ultimate purpose of learning.
Be courageous! Never fear to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. It will help you to be wiser.
The ultimate purpose of education is to learn how to reveal your own unique beauty.
Education helps you to create a new world which is uniquely yours to live and enjoy.
Our education system often teaches us how to conform more than how to wonder and venture.
Often religious education teaches us to conform and creates a psychological prison which is difficult to escape.
True education is more powerful than money or weapons. It is the key to a magical land where nothing is impossible.
I am not a teacher, but I am a friend who likes to kindle your heart and awaken your mind.
Education is the best weapon to fight against the adversity of life.
Education is the fertilizer which helps you to grow and bloom to beautify this world.
The more you know, the more you will be able to appreciate the beauty of life and your heart will desire to learn.
True education makes you beautiful like a butterfly, but it demands a transformation.
A true education prepares you not only for living but also for life.
A true education opens the mind and lets us see the world with wonder and joy. It teaches us to accept change with love, and it teaches us to be harmonious with humanity and nature. If any education teaches us to close our minds, to accept dogma, and to violently inhibit questioning then that is not an education. That is a prison for the mind.
Preparation is a process.
If you want to know the secret of life, learn with enthusiasm and love with all of your heart.
I can see education is everywhere, and many people were educated. But I realize that common sense is not that common.
Teaching is the best way to learn. Never stop learning.
Learning is the ecstasy of life which keeps our hearts young and our minds sharp.
Teaching is the most powerful force that changes our world one student at a time.
Two things are needed to raise awareness: education and love. And these go hand in hand because we can be taught to love.
Education should enable a student to think rationally, critically, and ultimately to understand, accept, and adapt with new and old ideas.
The principal goal of education in schools is to teach students basic knowledge and kindle mindsets that know how to think better and to understand the world in which they live.
A person is the product of his learning. What he learns and how he interprets it is what he becomes.
True education is the best wealth.
Be an example to teach, be a role model to follow, and be a leader to emulate.
Educators not only teach, but they also inspire students to learn, ignite the light of imaginations, shine the sense of perception, and define the path of life for future generations.
You become a real teacher when your understanding of the wants and needs of the student results in the student revealing her inner beauty.
The best thing that I can teach you is to be compassionate and kind to all.
Learning is the only game worth playing in life.
I saw no way out but to dive right in, to a good book.
My mother, who taught me how to read and write and home-schooled me for the first 12 years of my life, whose presence shaped me as much as her absence did, who imbibed in me the values of empathy and fearlessness and hard work, looks down on me today with great pride.
Hope fades by the memory and time.
The most effective way of learning is by observation and emulation.
The more I learn, the more doors of information and opportunity are open to me.
The burden of information often makes us blind wisdom opens our eyes. 
Education helps you to find beauty, but you are responsible to see it.
A teacher can kindle your mind and let you memorize information, but true education is often self-education.
If you don't have a teacher, don't worry. Learn by observing the best teacher which is nature.
True education is the ultimate secret of a successful life.
Education is the key to the door of opportunity.
Learn by reading, listening, observing, imitating, and emulating.
Your universe grows when you are learning.
To be an educator, teach and keep learning.
Education enhances the beauty of the mind by learning to see the beauty in every little thing.
Human destiny depends on depth of education.
We learn better when learning is a game.
The biggest risk in life is not the failure, but the failure to get an education.
Be courageous enough to learn from failures and bold enough to begin anew.
You are always a student and life is your teacher. Always be curious, enthusiastic, and open to change.
Education gives you the power to think rationally, think better, and be productive in every act.
I am obsessed with reading and writing.
Qualifications do not always define a true education. Qualifications are like obtaining a valuable candle while a true education is the essence of light that the candle will reflect. The ultimate purpose of qualifications is to find a great job, and the ultimate purpose of education is to create a great life.
You cannot teach a person who knows everything.
There is no friend like a book there is no beauty like a kind heart. 
I wonder how many books you have read?
Education is the true gift of love that can eradicate the poverty of a nation.
It is often difficult to educate a child about the beauty of an open mind when he is a prisoner of societal conformity.
Education is a change of mind, an acceptance, and an assimilation.
Education is a never ending light that enlightens our path of life.
Just as you learn from a teacher, so you can observe and learn from the educator we call nature.
True education gives a child wings to fly in his imaginative blue sky.
The purpose of education is to open the windows of the mind.
True education should enhance the power of the imagination.
The ultimate purpose of education is to learn how to find and see the beauty of creation so that you may feel the joy of life.
Your education is important because with only a few words you can show an employer the depth of your potential.
Education enlightens our minds to see the world with new lights.
Questions open the mind answers shut it down. 
Dare to learn. Dare to think. Dare to be irrational.
If we can teach everyone how to calm their minds, this world will see peace.
Education gives light, life and liberty.
Education is important not because it helps you to get a job, but because it opens the window of the mind through which we can see the beauty of life.
The great mentor is master builder of great students.
You grow by educating yourself to be more aware and more conscious.
The mind is an instrument made up of universal consciousness, egocentric consciousness, societal consciousness, along with education, values, virtues, judgment and wisdom.
Education and wisdom will define your destination in life-- not wealth.
In school we learn to think alike, but true education is to learn how to think differently.
The best investment for poverty elimination is education.
A bud has to bloom to unfold her beauty. A child has to become educated to unfold her incredible potential.
To stay young, accept the changes and continue to learn.
The best teacher is he who kindles the fire of imaginations and does not fill minds with only information.
Wisdom comes from education and experience-not from age.
Getting an education is the best journey to unfold your own beauty.
If you want to get educated, fall in love with learning.
For success, attitude is often more important than education.
Most often a country is poor when its educational system is poor and individuals do not strive to become educated.
We cannot improve ourselves or our country without improving our educational system and educating ourselves.
True education creates a new reality for humanity.
...talent is evenly distributed. You never know how many talented people are out there until you invite and inspire them to be creative.
Pursue your dreams with all diligence.
Education is the key to progress and success for human beings and for a nation.
The most important purpose of education is to learn how to find the beauty of life.
Education opens the door for an extraordinary life.
Education enlightens you to see the beauty of life.
Tomorrow belongs to those who are sincerely learning and loving today.
Education is a process of cultivating diamonds in a field called the mind.
An intelligent person looks for problems to solve. The wise person looks for solutions.
Education is the light in the darkness of ignorance.
Education helps you to be what you really want to be.
Education is the light switch for the mind. You have to turn it on to see the world in your own way.
To find a focus, learn to love and dream.
Best way to learn is by reflecting and emulating.
Plato and Aristotle are my teachers. Even Kant is my teacher, but my greatest teacher is my failures.
Education is the only currency which you can spend in every country of the world without losing its value.
Education is a savings account that you fill by learning and by spending. Even if you spend for the rest of your life, it will only grow to give you joy.
I travel to the ancient world by reading ancient books.
Every child should be taught how to read, write and think.
A life without books is empty.
This is the setting out.The leaving of everything behind.Leaving the social milieu. The preconceptions.The definitions. The language. The narrowed field of vision. The expectations.No longer expecting relationships, memories, words, or letters to mean what they used to mean. To be, in a word: Open.
People wishes their friends to be in politics, but their sons in professions.
The more you learn, the more you know, you don't know enough.
The strength of a country derives from the educational levels of the individuals in that nation.
Education shows the path to the door of opportunity. It gives confidence and hope to open it.
When you don't know a thing, learn. When you know the truth, teach.
Learn not from imitating but from emulating.
There is a price to be paid for any accomplishment.
The enthusiasm to work hard and endless determination are the two great skills for success.
he willingness to work-hard and indomitable willpower are vital for any accomplishment.
He who has a question will always be able to find the answer.
Pursue your dream with great might.
Wisdom is like the moonlight that quietly inspires you.
Wisdom is the essence of education. Kindness is the essence of morality.
You might be educated, but if you are not kind you are not wise.
Science is a proven concept with standards. Wisdom is the knowledge of life that we learn by living it.
True education makes you humble and gives you power.
The true wealth of a nation is not their natural resources but their achievements in education.
True education will shape your life, but if you ignore education you will be punished by your life.
Feeding the poor will not eradicate poverty, but feeding the mind with true education will.
We find and understand the beauty of life through education.
If you fall, dare to rise up again.
Education is the best wealth that you can acquire in life. No one can steal it when you are alive.
Failure is the best teacher for future success.
Your mind is the most fertile and largest land in the universe. You can grow anything you desire.
The treasures of life is hidden in a book.
I read to learn. I teach to understand. I practice to gain experience and wisdom.
It is up to you to cultivate your field of mind in order to grow golden crops.
Just be kind to be wise and to be intelligent.
We must never forget our teachers, our lecturers and our mentors. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.
We must never forget our teachers and our lecturers. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.
Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.
May you find the confidence and courage to climb new heights.
Clear visions and positive goals, leads to positive actions and purposeful life.
Personal force, determined spirit and self confidence are your greatest self.
If it has to be done, take the responsibility to do it.
All the answers you seek in life. It is hidden a book.
The degree of your desire determines your dedication.
Seek to know thy soul; strength of love, light and life.
Life is a story, until I awake and saw life as a dream.
Life is a rich literature.
A single-minded purpose gives sacred strength to achieve the dream.
We can only reach the highest height, if we encourage each other.
Getting an education might be difficult, but it makes life easy. Being uneducated might be easy, but it makes life difficult.
If you fail an examination, it means you have not yet master the subject. With diligent study and understanding, you will succeed in passing the exams.
Education is not a destination, but it is a curious journey to enjoy the beauty of life.
Education gives you lights to see, wings to fly, and music to sing.
Getting an early education and then continuing it throughout life is a brilliant way to achieve success and live a purposeful life.
True education gives you power. Education and experience make you wise.
The purpose of education is to create a purpose for life. Go for it with the utmost sincerity.
To be free, get an education. To be happy, spread compassion.
He who only reads newspapers makes his mind a junkyard.
Common sense is very uncommon. It is also shaped by your education.
Give and share knowledge to the young and brave,For knowledge in this world comes for free,All you need is to keep your ears open, senses unbroken, taste buds ringing and keen eyes to see,Learn and help them learn in your lifetime too,So that like me in peace to the world you might say Adieu.
Education unlocks the greatest potential of the human mind.
I am not a teacher I am a path finder. 
The ultimate goal of education is to gain wisdom from experiences.
Education unfolds your beauty and lets you bloom to express your beauty.
The ultimate purpose of a teacher is to teach students to think in a better way.
I am in love with what I do. I do it with great passion.
Let your dreams keep you hopeful!
Without a vivid picture of what you want, how can you reach it?
Write down your goals and let it be your guidepost.
Those who want to learn, listen. Those who do not want to think, speak.
Education has enhanced my wisdom. Simplicity and humility will not allow me to call myself wise.
Education helps us to grow wings of imagination that allow us to feel free and fly.
The prime purpose of education is to enhance the ability to think better.
To improve a country, educate the citizens.
Education is the ultimate power of life. A better education gives you better power.
It is my toughest time but the greatest.
Education enhances the power and beauty of experience.
Education opens our minds eye to see the world with our own unique vision and perception.
Education is the fertilizer for the mind, the seeds for success, and the eye opener for life.
Education enhances the power of experience and the beauty of life.
Three powerful d's of life Dream. Desire. Dare. 
True education begins after you are done with formal education.
True education expands your imagination. False education fills your mind with dogma and makes you a prisoner of conformity.
Keep questioning! With time, you will find answers to your questions.
Education shouldn't be boring. It should stimulate the imagination and fill minds with the joy of knowing.
Nothing but education defines the future of a person and the future of a nation.
The ultimate purpose of education is to improve the power of your imagination and to change your vision.
A nation that does not provide a proper education for women is destroying their nation.
The will to learn is the most important ingredient for education
To enhance and expand your vision, get an education.
Education gives you the power and confidence to adjust to changes.
Getting an education is the easiest when you love to learn.
Go to school to make a living. Learn about yourself to define your life.
Education is the best fertilizer for the mind.
The best education makes our minds more fertile.
Education is the seed of thought. If the mind is fertile, it will grow better crops.
There is neither mistake nor failures. It is only experience.
Failure is only a temporary fall. You must rise up any time you fall.
Mistakes are experiences. Without these experiences, there is no learning.
Mistakes and failures are valuable experiences. With every experience, you increase in knowledge and wisdom for the ultimate success.
Be wholly committed to your dreams.
If you don't know where you are going, you can arrive at any destination.
The highest form of education teaches us to find the truth by searching with love, harmony, and gratitude.
Every challenge you encounter is part of the life's journey. The challenges must be overcome for the vision to be fulfilled.
The greatest ideas are best conceive when we take time to relax.
May you will have the grace to complete the task.
Whatever you can conceive, you can achieve it.
Life will be empty without great stories to read.
Without a vision, where is the focus?
Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
Curiosity is the art of creativity.
You recreate yourself, when you relax.
All the great treasures of life are hidden in a book.
Reach out, with all your heart, to your divine-dreams.
Until you begin to write, then you will see the beauty of writing.
Love doesn't erase the past, but it makes the future different.
Maybe that's what love is. Having someone who guides you through different experiences, coaxes you to try news things but still makes you feel safe.
When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.
I don't even know her yet..but if she could see me right now, I'd want her to know that I love her
Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.
She realized, when relationships failed to last, it was not because love was no longer present, but because people had stopped believing in themselves and in their partners.
When all one person do is complain, people don't want to talk or listen to them.
Too often in my life, love has been defined as "humiliation with occasional roses".
So I put up with bad behavior in the name of loving the way I thought you were supposed to love.
Close cycles. Not because of pride or arrogance, but because that no longer fits your life
Because a quiet night is not the same as a silent one, a firm man is not the same as a steady one, and a bright light is not the same as a brilliant one.
Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.
We spend so much time on the whole world instead of on those who really need us, in a world where rumours are a trend and truth is an afterthought.
Emancipation of women has made them lose their mystery.
The greatest testament of a life lived is to be missed when you are gone. It is not something you can plan for or buy ahead of time. It is a sentiment that comes freely from the lives you touch in positive ways.
It's disconcerting to realize how little you have to say to someone who once occupied such a prominent place in your bed.
It's like the old question, "Do you lock your house to keep people out, or to protect what's inside?" Should a person act modestly and dress modestly in order to prevent intrusion from the outside, undesirable things from happening, or to preserve and maintain what is inside: the delicate and sensitive ability to have and maintain an intimate relationship.
The best foundation for relationships to grow, flourish, and succeed is a deep-rooted friendship.
I read once that sorrow looks back, worry looks around, and faith looks ahead.
If I loved someone, I could never let him go away from me. I would be too miserable and lonely.
When I meet a woman whose energy falters at the first barrier,she seems to fade beside my mother.
It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built-the oil, chemistry, and the craft-you miss all the beauty.
Time grants a unique perspective which allows us to see events through a filter of accumulated wisdom.
When you act against gravity, you break your body. When you act against Love, you break your heart.
The person you fall in love with only holds a mirror for you to see the pieces of yourself that you have lost, given away, or were taken away from you in the process of life.
If love is what we are, then every human interaction is an opportunity to express ourselves.
You are the most important person in your life. Your relationship with yourself defines your relationships with every other person you encounter. Celebrate yourself and celebrate all those around you.
Most fights originate as a consequence of blaming others for one's own emotional issues. Assuming responsibility for these emotions will most likely make the relationship a healthy and balanced one. Boundaries help foster the wellbeing of one's mental health and self-esteem.
Find your flock and fly.
I believe there are no wrong decisions, just different consequences.
I believe that I can teach my children to follow their dreams by following my own.
Sometimes, something meaningless occurs, somewhere with meaning.
By their very nature, human beings are so capricious, so complex, so delightfully contradictory, that they deserve not only our consideration, but our reconsideration--and our unwavering determination to withhold our opinion until we have engaged with them in every possible setting at every possible hour.
Lie with me Lie to me not! 
Don't ever stop believing in your own transformation. It is still happening even on days you may not realize it or feel like it.
If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Don't let anything disturb your peace. Stay calm and carry on.
If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Stay calm, don't let anything disturb your peace, and carry on.
Sometimes we find the sweetest solidarity in the midst of solitude.
Discover a deep, healthy love for yourself....Relationships are meant to complement your life not complete it. If you're unable to bring a healthy sense of self-love into them you will always be seeking validation and end up disappointed by your expectations of others.
If you have to chase, beg, or plot for love....It will run away at the next "best" offer.
You can't rock the boat & act like you were just trying to put a baby to sleep.
You gave me a soul touch. A touch beyond physical. The most powerful of touch. I thought it was about you but I was wrong it was about me. In me. It took me a lifetime to realize it was me, not you. Thank you for showing me my soul.
Your relationship with others is your relationship to yourself mirrored back to you.
Loneliness doesn't come from missing someone it comes from being disconnected with yourself.
Dear lover, pull my ears and not my legs for it is better to be cautioned than to be lied to.
A firm ground helps kickstart a long leap of flight. So keep your foundation strong to rise high.
The important thing is for me to feel love towards my fellow human beings-and sometimes, that has to be at a distance.
Respect everyone who crosses your path, even if you feel they don't deserve it.
Be vulnerable! It is not someone else's responsibility to break down your walls to get to you. It is your responsibility to let them in. This is crucial. Be more vulnerable with people in your life today. Know that being vulnerable is not a weakness - vulnerability means you are strong and secure enough within yourself to walk outside without your armor on.
Be YOU. There is nothing sexier than someone who is confident enough to be themselves, quirks and all. It is often your unique nature that separates you from the crowd in the best way possible for your romantic match to notice you.
There is no quick fix-all procedure to heal your insecurities. Like any relationship, the relationship with yourself must be built and re-built one kind, loving conversation at a time.
A relationship is the vessel in which you come to know yourself
Don't ever stop believing in your own personal transformation. It is still happening even on the days you may not realize it or feel like it.
Most of us don't have the past in our favor but we have to realize that we still have the present.
Living is the act of continuous create moment by moment, day by day.
Whatever the hell our souls are made of, they are the same.
In this world there are two types of people: the ones who hurt, and the ones who are hurt. But if we all claim to be the victims, then aren't we all the criminals too?
If you walked away from atoxic, negative, abusive,one-sided, dead-endlow vibrationalrelationship or friendship - you won.
Compatibility doesn't determine the fate of a marriage, how you deal with the incompatibilities, does.
Truth is the basis of all healing.
Who you are and what you experience is based upon the choices you make. It's not your parents, your past relationships, your job, the economy, the book you read, what someone said, the weather, an argument, nor your age, that are to blame (or credit!). You, and only you, are responsible for every decision and choice you make. Period.
Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it's when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.
A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.
How would your life be different if.You stopped focusing on what you didn't want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day.You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.
The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.
If you do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals to live the life you desire, It will be worth it. I promise! But if you find some excuse to justify quitting your journey, you will regret it. This is also a promise!" -gbb
I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.
When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?
Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.
What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?
Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.
Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece!
You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.
A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.
Search for contentment in each person you meet.
Change is the parent of progress.
Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.
Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself
How would your life be different if...You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day...You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.
The only easy day was yesterday.
You're never ready for what you have to do. You just do it. That makes you ready.
Live life with a purpose and live it full out.
The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.
Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.
Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.
The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.
There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or...you could just get BETTER. What do you think?
We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.
Leave your excuses and live your dreams!
You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.
Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.
It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.
Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians
How would your life be different if...you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day...You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person...do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.
Life's a marathon, not a sprint.
Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.
Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.
There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.
Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.
But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.
I can't help you, I can only guide you, and you are the one who can help yourself.
With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.
Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.
The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.
When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.
We need to send our words out in the direction we want them to go. In other words, we need to start talking victory when we're staring at defeat. We need to start talking healing when we're feeling sick. We need to start blessing and prosperity when we don't have anything. We need to speak about marching when we feel like quitting.
Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.
Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.
When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.
Love is perhaps the only emotions that is boundless
When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith....
Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage, react to and work through the change process.
Believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
The madder it makes you, the harder you need to laugh at it.
A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances
You've got one life, one shot, and all the power to make it happen. Get ready to dream big and live big. It's all up to you. And it starts now.
A cord that remains, always. in many ways...
Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don't know the soul's senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony
When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway
If you want your prayers answered, get up off your knees and do something about them.
The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.
Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.
I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!
What if I told you 10 years from now your life would be exactly the same?Doubt you'd be happy.So, why are you afraid of change?
Always make your future bigger than your past.
Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.
There is no real world, just the one you create.
Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.
Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.
Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.
Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One's own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.
If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.
Life would have been beautiful if there weren't any problems.
Train up a child in such a way she or he should go even when she or he is old she or he will not depart' Proverb 
We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!
You spend your TIME to make a DIME. You lose your HEALTH to make your WEALTH, but at the end it is FUNNY because you leave back all your MONEY.
People often try to distinguish between personal and professional life, but they end failing - Cord 8 : Are we Computers?
What is done is done for the love of it- or not really done at all.
Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.
Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?
How would your life be different if...You didn't wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day...You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.
Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.
I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person's life void of negative experiences.
The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.
Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer
The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.
The Sun never sets. It is we who rise think to shine. 
There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.
Live Life Fully & Abundantly
How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.
The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.
Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.
Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.
A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.
There is a thin line between the impossible and the possible - that is determination.
Spirituality is for people. It's not just for those who you might have read about in books, it's for people.
Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse
be who you set out to be...
We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice.Your attitude is your choice!
Everyone has too much of something, whether it's time, talent or treasure. Everyone does have their own half, you just have to find it.
I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.
What would life be if we didn't shake and wake ourselves up once and a while
Strange things are always abounding. Watch and discern. There is always a lesson to be learned. 
It's simple: What you put in, is what you get out.
Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.
Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.
If you get clear on the what, the how will be taken care of.
Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.
You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.
Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.
It takes understanding to be outstanding
To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.
The Warrior Ethos emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a guardian of freedom and the American way of life.
Shrug off the no's - they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.
Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.
Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.
Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams
Living life ONCE is enough...if you live life RIGHT.
Life of any real value or substance is not formed during good times merely enjoyed.
Don't go downhill just because it's easy. The view is only visible from the top.
Right beneath the numerous sufferings in life lies the precious gift called success.
... Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.'Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames
Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.
We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.
A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.
Perform your task and I shall know you. Perform your task and your genius shall befriend the more.
Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.
When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.
When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.
Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.
Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.
With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.
That failure serves a purpose!
Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life...Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM
Let's always try to paint the truth ... our art must be made to mean something.
Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM
It's been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius. 
RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily 
Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things...and you are the first order of your business.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.
The slogans hang on and press on have solved and will continue to solve the problems of humanity.
Maybe the secret to continued success is as simple as knowing that your past successes could be done so much better now.
If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.
Are you seeking to be offended?
Are you living in the moment?
What is an unconditional state?
North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.
(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.
Someday you shall meet someoneWho's gonna look at you in awe-Flying high, wings all spread,And wonder how it'd be likeTo clip those wings,Tie those feet down,And cage you forever...When you hit the ground,Remember to run
When we suffer we inspire ourselves to change. Imagine we had no pain to overcome, we would not take action to make our life any more meaningful. Turn your suffering into motivation to change.
Look closely at your greatest thoughts about yourself. That's your future.
Inhale courage, exhale fear.
To everyone who gets me, thank you. To everyone who doesn't, thank you too. You give me the motivation to keep succeeding just to piss you off.
Stop changing yourself for the sake of other people. You shouldn't care what strangers think and true friends won't ask you to change.
When you start believing that you are too old to enjoy something, you lose so much joy in your life.
I think there's a point in everyone's life where they realize that despite their best efforts, they have no choice but to surrender. That carrying on will only bring them more pain or heartache. I don't think there's any way that we can avoid these moments. But I just want you to know that I'm not quite there yet.
Sometimes in life, you have to take difficult steps and make tough decisions, in order to achieve something extraordinary.
When nothing is certain in your life, you have a blank canvas to work with. You can determine a new future for yourself with passionate actions. You can pursue anything that you put your mind to. When things seem uncertain it is the best time to take action.
This time will never come again in your life. Enjoy every moment, right now, before the time is gone.
The most important journey in your life will be the journey to find yourself. To find who you are, to find what you love, is the greatest gift in life. Look at yourself, honestly, and find who you really are. To reveal your true self might be scary but the act of learning who you really are is important to make it possible to live your best possible life.
The best way to achieve lasting change in your life is to act slowly and persistently. Do not make radical changes in your life that you have not yet learned to maintain. Act with deliberate care and decisiveness and allow yourself to make the changes you need in your life.
Release the stress you are holding. Feel the tension leave your body. Now, look at the root of your stress. Find your solution in a moment of calm, not anxiety.
Live without expectations. Don't set parameters on your life by telling yourself that something can only be enjoyed if it is a certain way. Allow life to surprise you. Keep an open mind and enjoy all of life's treasures.
Let your mind have peace for a moment. Push away all the anxious thoughts. Release your tension and breath. Everything is going to work out. It might not be fine now but trust that in time everything will be okay. Allow yourself to rest. Put a hold on your stress. You can always pick up your stress at another time. Breathe. Be calm. Trust in yourself.
Don't believe that the day is without good. The very fact that you are consciously here today is a blessing of itself. Every breath you breathe, step you take, day you live is the greatest gift you can ever receive. Don't let those gifts fall away unappreciated. Live with joy in every moment.
Be kind to others and you will find that others are kind to you. Being positive will spread positivity back to you. If you give out a pleasant energy, you will receive a pleasant energy.
You have to keep trying whether you feel like you can or not. Your future will thank you.
When your time is gone it is gone forever. Take action before your time is gone. Live now.
If you fail today there is always tomorrow to try again. You always have that second chance tomorrow.
Do not change yourself to please others, change yourself to please yourself. You are the person that truly matters in your life. You are the person you wake up to every morning and fall asleep to every night. Your life is for you.
Everyone should give their dream a chance. Don't give up before you've even started. Let your actions push you to your dreams and don't let the thought of failure be the thing that stops you. It may be hard and you may struggle, but in the end, you can have the pride in saying you tried your hardest to get what you wanted and let nothing stand in your way.
Overcome obstacles as they come rather than worry about when they will arrive.
Everything you do has an effect on your life. It may be positive or negative. If you do positive things in your life, your life will give you positive experiences. If you live a negative life, it is a sign that you must change your actions in the day. Act more positively and your life will be more positive.
You'll see so much more beauty in the world if you can accept that there is good in every little thing around you.
There are two steps to achieving your dreams. Believe you can do anything you put your mind to. Put your mind to it.
Set your mark on humanity by being your own unique self and doing the things that make your heart shine. With such passion, you can make an impact on the world.
Simply be and let your being be happy.
I have no regrets from my past only pride over how far I have come to be the person I am today and hope that tomorrow I will be even better.
Support those that have supported you.
Take care of your health. Don't look for one quick fix to cure all your ailments. Take the time every day to help your mind, body, and soul heal. It is extremely important for your daily happiness to know that you are supporting your health instead of hurting it.
Take the time today to love yourself. You deserve it.
Let the past be the past as you make your way into the future.
The more you think change is outside of yourself the more you reinforce the idea that you do not hold the power of change inside of you.
If you keep doing what you have always done, your life will never change. Change your routine.
If you hide your problems and never let yourself get help from yourself and others, those problems will always be lurking inside of you beneath the surface.
The best investment you can make is an investment in yourself. Spend your time, money, and energy on improving your life and self.
A life lived every day doing only what needs to be done may seem convenient but your heart and soul don't live for convenience they live for exploration, imagination and the pursuit of dreams. Do what must be done but also do what your heart and soul want done.
Stop spending your energy on thoughts you don't want and things you don't need. Spend your energy on the thoughts, people, things and dreams you do want. You only have so much energy in the day; spend it wisely.
It's okay to be nervous, scared, angry or sad sometimes so long as you don't let those emotions rule your entire life.
Shift your focus from your fears to your dreams. Let the love, passion and utter awesomeness of your dreams guide you through life.
Try this:Wake up and say thank you to the universe for all the good things you have in your life. Appreciate.
Look around and marvel at the amazing world that surrounds your everyday life.
When you feel that there is something wrong with your life, you must be willing to change your perspective, thoughts, and actions to fix it. Your perspective is the only thing stopping you from having a better, happier life.
If you want change you must take full responsibility for yourself. No one else defines how you live. You are the only one with the power for your self-change.
Start each action with overwhelming positivity enthusiasm and each action will be overwhelmingly successful.
One day of positive thinking won't change your life. You must actively; every day, be working to change your thoughts into positive ones. The work you put into changing your life is the progress you get out.
If you spend your time trying to become who everyone else wants you to be, you will be torn apart. There is no way to be perfect in a world with so many different opinions on the right way to be. If you want to feel whole, you have to live as who you believe you need to be.
Every action you make changes the world in a little way. Let your actions be positive and be a benefit to the world. Everything you do, say or make is an original piece added to the world; it cannot be replicated or replaced. Let your unique self change the world around you.
Talk to yourself. Tell yourself you are beautiful. Tell yourself you are strong. See all the beauty that you have inside and speak it aloud. Let your mind see yourself in a positive light.
Imagination can turn any situation into a positive situation. Let your creativity run wild. Let yourself create new worlds, new times and new thoughts. Don't think yourself immature for having fun in dull times. Let that creativity flow into your everyday life and create beautiful new experiences.
Positive change doesn't come on its own. If you want something to change you have to take action and stand up for yourself. Change doesn't come without work; time and labour. No one can come in and do all the work for you. If you want change, you must make the change yourself.
Do what you can today. And keep working up until you can do everything you want to do in the day, every day.
Stop overthinking. You can do it.
Don't let bad feelings follow you from day to day. Let each day be a new start for better times.
Keep growing, even when times are tough. Learn the lessons you need to learn and keep changing. Keep growing stronger. You have made it this far and you can make it through all the hard times ahead. Stay strong.
Lay the foundations for your future now. Try to do a little bit every day and let it slowly add up. Every bit of work you do for your future is worth it.
Why is there never enough time to pursue my dreams? Yet, I have time to browse memes, laugh at cats doing silly things, and stare off into the distance. My dream is to do what I love and yet I still don't pursue that dream. When we fear failure we allow ourselves to fail every day by not pursuing our dreams.
Do not ever think that you are too small to make a difference in the world. You may not be able to change the entire world but you are able to change the world you see and the world of the people around you. Let your being resonate as a positive influence to those that make up your world.
Let your life be a reflection of your bravery not of your fear. Someone who does not take risks and leave their comfort zone will remain stagnant. They will never change, never move, never leave the place they are right now. Be brave in the face of your fears.
Never put aside what you can do today. If you keep pushing your responsibilities to the side, one day they will catch up in unfavorable ways. Just do a little bit every day. If you are consistent, you will get the results you want.
Allow yourself to make mistakes. There will always be times in your life when you fail but you can make that failure into a success by choosing to learn from it. Tomorrow is another day and another chance to succeed. Try again.
If every problem you encountered was easily overcome, would you be the strong person you are today?
Choose to regret nothing in your life. The only thing you can change is your future.
Live knowing that your choices today will create your tomorrow. Every action you make to improve yourself will improve your life. Little by little. Try.
Every day you grow stronger and the challenges become easier. Keep going.
Anxiety does not make a future situation turn out better if anything it stops you from reaching your highest potential. Relax and live in the present, not the future.
There is no set moment in your life that will define you. Every moment is a chance to change your life for better or worse. Choose to change now.
Bad doesn't leave your life until you start consciously injecting good into your life through positive thinking.
It is in the pursuit of a goal that happiness is found. Achievement is shortlived compared to the satisfaction found in knowing that you have consistently worked towards your goals. Dream big, work hard and find even bigger dreams to pursue.
Fear of change doesn't fade away. If you want to get past it, you must be brave and take action. It may be hard but things will stay the same way forever if you don't.
Be ready for the opportunities that arise when you have the courage to open your heart to everything your soul loves.
What you think about is what you get. The more you think about something, the more it manifests in your life.
Life is about balance. Too much work and you'll lose your spirit. Too much leisure and your dreams fall away from you.
Purposefully look for something beautiful today.
I will die, yes, that is true, but first I will live to my heart's content.
Inaction only makes a task more daunting in your eye. Act quickly, before you overthink, get anxious or give up.
Examine the energy you are sending into the world. Is it positive, loving and hopeful or is it negative, hostile and angry?
Don't stress over being yourself. The act of being yourself is simply to be. Be without changing yourself for others. Simply be.
Expect good to happen in your day and you'll find that good things start to happen.
Do what you are passionate about. Do it for yourself, nobody else.
If you love to do something, what is stopping you from doing it? Make the time. Show your passion. Shine on.
Change is a slow process. Keep going toward your goals. When you feel like giving up, remember how good it will feel to change your life into the wonderful life you have imagined.
The Stone Age didn't end because people ran out of stones. It ended because people kept learning and improving
At the end of the story of my life, I want to say it was the best book I had ever read.
Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck. - Avina Celeste
Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck.
Never let your fears hold you back. Fears are not easily overcome but when you take the time to be brave it is worth the struggle.
We can't help the way we're born. We can't help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.
Our light shall burn the pathway to the stars
My meanness has an ego too, often bigger than my own.
World is so beautiful when you look beyond your self-interest. Success and self do not work together. Rise up the ordinary.
Dreams are for doers.
Nobody intentionally sets out to fail or dwell in mediocrity.
Even if you become the most perfect version of yourself, someone will find something negative to say.
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.
Success is more than just power or not violating the rights of others it is the privilege of contributing to the betterment of others. 
Here's a good phrase for you to jot down: wherever you are, be there! Be there to absorb it. Take a picture if you can. Take pictures in your mind; let your soul and heart take pictures. Get it, capture it, absorb it. And don't be casual in getting it. Casualness leads to casualties.
The snooze button is useless is you love life enough to get up on time.
The snooze button is useless if you love life enough to get up on time.
Being a stoic does not mean being a robot. Being a stoic means remaining calm both at the height of pleasure and the depths of misery.
Act and opportunities will manifest. There is no such thing as luck. There is only causality. Are you strong enough to cause something to happen - that's the question.
Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.
Find Meaning, Find Yourself.
Troubles teaches the grace of the Truth.
Stop talking filthy things, It doesn't help anyone.
When you are being tested from every angle, why, with no apparent cause. Look inwards. stand up for yourself.. it's something you need to work on that is being highlighted. Finish acknowledging the whispers from your inner self. You left no choice but to have it reflected externally for all to see.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
Blessed is the womb that born you.
You may think I am falling, ... I' m stronger than I have ever been
Thanks to you my toughest life lessons.. it may appear that I'm falling, ... but, I' m stronger than I have ever been
Only with grace, can we reach the goal.
Don't assume it will work for you because it has worked for everybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't everybody else; You should also never assume it won't work for you because it hasn't work for anybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't anybody else!
Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.
Passion is not a thing, it's a state of mind.
Salvation not shared, is salvation wasted.
Learning before working is better and cheaper than learning while working!
Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.
Once you find your Happy space,you wouldnt be in the rat race
Whoever works knows the grace of labour of life.
sometime life Offer you "Outdated" to get "Updated" Just Take the Chance
Travelling unveils new dimensions of this world not known to the naked eye.
Let others scream, because ultimately you know your story
You become what you digest into your spirit. Whatever you think about, focus on, read about, talk about, you're going to attract more of into your life. Make sure they're all positive.
If there is no struggle there is no progress.
Things are happening out there. Don't waste your life in wishful thinking. Get out of your cocoon and go make a name for yourself. Life is too short to be wasted in oblivion.
you have to find the words to make it sound important
When you hear the birds chirping in the morning, remember this one thing: it is a new morning for a new life and living! Free your mind and clean your heart for a wonderful day with distinctive footprints!
Acceptance is the first step in the process of change. Why? Because it gives us something solid to stand on as we reach for more.
I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.
Sometimes, the only way out is all in.
Luxury is the enemy of growth. This is the one thing that I learnt from my father, and I approve of it fully. Abundance is neither good nor healthy for the growth of a child's mind.
If there is no door open for me, I build a door
Only the right pain gets the right gain.
One of your friends may bored , one may tiered , one may feared , what you have to do is to make them entertained , if you can't do it , make them active , if you fail again make a small smile in front of them.
The best things happen to those who don't wait.
If life is fast, live faster.
Luxury is the enemy of growth.
English is the language through which I reach hearts from various corners of the world. English is the language through which I flirt with my species. English is the language through which I make my species think.
Good intentions aren't enough, you must take right actions.
The Sun, the Moon, the Stars, the Birds, the Animals, the Flowers are all proof that a Universal Power exists.
Every single ONE of us is a unique VIBRATION in a beautiful Symphony of Infinite CREATION.
You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.
You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses.You become outstanding by focusing entirely on your strengths.
You cannot 'fit yourself in' to greatness. This can only be done by embracing and pursuing your biggest dreams and desires.
Life is about peeking through the veil of forgetfulness. What is hidden awakens the joy of revealing it.
We do not observe reality, we observe our REACTIONS to it.In other words:Reality is, in essence, neutral. YOU give it meaning.
Life will punch you in the gut, but it doesn't mean you should stop breathing.
You're not going to get what you want out of life till you figure out what it wants out of you.
You get told to look before you leap. But if you are too careful you may end up just looking.
Your actions prove your efficiency and your lip service proves your inability.
You can only destroy something that I have but you can't destroy something that I am.
Give one of your smiles, its costs nothing. but enrich others life to dream more.
It's very easy to blame others, but very difficult to prove your ability.
Pushing your limits is what allows you to grow stronger, so if you find yourself feeling passive, it can make sense to dial it up a little. Get moving. Accomplish something small. Do something you enjoy. Embrace what moves you. And start again.
Nothing Can Beat Hard Work, But Hard Work Itself
I'm not interested in competing with anyone. I hope we all make it.
Fear can be good, Laia. It can keep you alive. But don't let it control you. Don't let it sow doubts within you. When the fear takes over, use the only thing more powerful, more indestructible, to fight it: your spirit. Your heart.
How much you know it's depending upon your action not in your lip service.
Your actions prove you efficiency and your lip service proves your inability.
I am not in it for the success, I am in it for the victory...nothing less.
The simple truth is that life goes on whether we're ready or not.The question we need to ask ourselves is, do we find a way to embrace it, or do wesit back and allow it to pass us by?
You know you are getting old when yesterday turns out to be a fading memory you have difficulties recollecting, when today becomes a challenge that is hard to grasp and when tomorrow promises an uncertainty that you dread encountering.
Never go for someone that represents something that is more of a fantasy than reality in this crazy world of lonely people, unless it is for the shortest time possible, and unless you have clearly figured out an exit strategy.
You can't say you love man as an individual if you have not dealt with the person's complex personality, his or her unfamiliar habits, disturbing impulses and biological makeup.
My death was written in that day when I was born, That is why I don't fear about to die. I just fear that when I die who will cry?
I would rather listen to someone who tried and failed than someone who dreamed but never tried.
Don't disappoint anyone by telling them that they are weak enough to fight for their rights. Encourage them by telling that they are strong enough to fight for their rights. Because they want your support not your sympathy.
Prime vision of my life is to help others. And if I can't help them, atleast I do not try to disappoint them.
The strength is given to me by the recognition I don't waste it in vain.
Unsettling emotions are capable of messing up the most beautiful minds in this world.
the depth or humaneness of our love depends on the wideness of our souls.
Why do we complicate life, when it was meant to be very simple?
Consistency is an under-appreciated inspirational quality. It's that ability to conduct yourself in a consistent, reliable manner that others will respect and appreciate.
Simply put, self-centered and egocentric people don'tinspire others. We are inspired by people who placeothers-- other people, other ideas, other goals-- abovethemselves.
Stay in shape because it's too easy to lose this race against time.
We cannot change the wind, we can only adjust our sails.
Display your passion, and others will be inspired. Enthusiasm is contagious.
If you expect the best of yourself, you'll find yourself expecting the best of those around you, too. And you will find that people respond inkind. I believe people want to be held to a higher standard. If you expect the best from people, they will give you their best work.
There is nothing so inspiring as true heartfelt gratitude.
Great leaders are inspired by a challenge, a need, a problem, an issue that needs to be corrected.
What's the difference between a dream and a goal? Ink. That's right. Goals must be written down.
Maybe looking at the path we've traveled will make the path ahead seem more clear.
Understand that all motivation is internal, or intrinsic.
Doubt not the self O lion-heart, for those who call you crazy will one day worship you.
The lessons you learn when you are knocked down will sustain you when you are up!
Whatever you do, do it as a master, not as a slave.
It does not matter whatsoever, what the people around you think you can or cannot do. What really matters is what you think about your capabilities.
There is no such thing as predestined. Human destiny in the human world is determined by none but the humans.
Your fate lies in your hands.
Confidence of a dedicated person, seems to be over-confidence to ordinary masses.
Be the help you seek from others.
Life is so sweet even though it is full of lies and half truths...
We all have potential for greatness in ourselves. The only thing we need to do is to find it.
Filmmaking is not the work of the weak-minded. It may not be rocket science, but it requires ten times more strength of the mind than that.
Don't ask for miracles. You are the living embodiment of all the miracles in the world.
The higher you soar the view is much better, and the giant in you appears. Go forth and conquer your dreams.
Let them be what they want to be. Make yourselves what you want to be.
Don't carry the guilt of what someone else did to you. It was their Karma. You don't deserve to be punished for the wrong doings of others. Stop harming yourself and start living a life which you so richly deserve.
Nothing crushes the soul of a father more than the loss of the beloved son he failed to lavish his love on.
Don't let people's negative perspectives impact yours
If you follow, practice and live 'Ownership', you have arrived in Life
Past data should only be used as a learning and not as a base for setting future goals
Stronger your reasons, stronger the will power
Don't allow someone else's thoughts become the illustrations of YOUR story
Never underestimate the power of willingness and self motivation.
At first, the wings weighed more than the chains, because with the chains we were not required to fly
I'm not feeling sorry cause you let me down,I'm feeling sorry cause there is no way back.
If I were a bird, I will have no feet.
Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born!
Always put your comfortable position on the horizon. Constantly seek to achieve it but also realize you can never reach there.
The pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow.
If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea.
If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea. If you want pleasure, have pleasure from the pursuit of your passion. If you want to be indoctrinated, then be so by the natural law of humanism.
The more difficult the VICTORY,The Greater the Happiness in WINING
I dreamt, I woke, I grafted, I failed, I persisted, I conquered.
What is success? Success isn't about making shit loads of money, success is having the balls to follow your dreams through and making it a reality, it does not matter if you make money or not.
Love is our basement. Trust is our strength.
Discover the beauty of life through the eyes of a child.
Get rid of all baggage of your past. You don't need this extra load. It can only slow you down and hold you back.
Be yourself there is no one better
We are all protagonists, each and every one of us.
If you want more influence, love more people.
Nobody but you have to believe in your dreams to make them a reality.
Appreciate every breath you take. Someone else didn't get to take another breath today.
If your Ipad can do it better than you, then it is not a skill.
The world needs something from you, my friend. It needs the heart that is deep as the ocean and infinite as the outer-space. Can you provide that my friend! Can you make your will so large and your conscience so sharp that in front of which, a thousand Everests and a thousand Kilimanjaros would bow!
Invest in the things you wish to grow. If you wish to grow your friendships, invest in them. If you wish to improve your physique, invest in yourself. Just remember, life's currency is time. Don't waste time investing in things and those who provide you with no return.
Your assignment is a pre-cursor to someone else's assignment. In the same breath, someone else's assignment is a pre-cursor to yours.
Every author begins as a reader. So, read yourself into authorship.
Share them with only people who can help you with information and support. When you meet negative people, zip your mouth.
Start by asking the question 'Why'. This is because behind the question 'Why' there lies answers to your question.
Life is too serious and precious for it to be left to chance. You have to make it your project to discover your purpose in life. You have to be intentional about it.
If you yearn to learn, you'll learn to earn.
Grow your talents and skills through a consistent practice and progressive learning. Learn to relearn and unlearn. Raise the bar for yourself always.
Blow out all negative attitudes and live true to your dreams. Talks less and act more. Be confident and see yourself wining even before the victory comes.
Flow wherever you go. You can't be limited. Dare to rise above all limitations and become better than you were. Strive to arrive at the top.
Don't walk through life stifling your authenticity, suppressing your uniqueness, hiding your truth out of fear of what others may think. Being someone other than who you are only hampers your well-being and also wastes a whole lot of time.
The human body is not necessarily a human being.
Purpose is the ultimate reason for your existence.
Wishful thinking will not take you to your destiny.
Gloomy ones must learn to light the Fire of Inspiration - the Spark that will clear the Dark within.
It is nobody's responsibility but yours to discover your assignment and to execute that very assignment.
Purpose discovery is a journey and not an event.
To become a better you, remember to be grateful to people who have contributed to making you who you are today.
One common thing about great achievers is that, they keep asking useful questions every day. They ask questions like; What do I want and what do I need to do to get it?
Don't spend your money on luxuries. Save it and secure a safe future. Don't crave for quick satisfaction.
Don't be deceived by the spirit of complacency and think you have achieved enough. Try to become better than you've been.
When you don't understand how to make a good use of something, you will abuse that thing.
To become a better you, be willing to make the needed sacrifice. Don't spend your money on luxuries.
To become a better you, keep asking curious questions about yourself. If you lose, ask why?; if you win, ask why not?
People whose imaginations are infected with fear die sooner out of incurable failure.
If you are trying to look clean, neat and avoid casting your nets in trouble waters, you will catch no fish.
To become a better you, hurry up and take risks.
Risks may make you win, or they will make you learn. Either of the benefits is worth daring for.
The more you express your skills, the more experienced you become and the closer you get to excellence.
Accept yourself irrespective of your imperfection and express your skills.
Be enthusiastic for what you want. Work hard for it.
On your way to accomplish greatness, you will hear a lot of noise. Listen to your inner voice and never let the distraction of the crowd discolour your poise.
The desire for excellence becomes a reality when an individual sets a standard, reach it and surpass it consistently.
When you fall for your appetite too early, you may not be able to endure to the end.
To become a better you, work in a team of like-minded people and learn new things you don't know.
Take the stones that failure throws at you and build legacies the world will always remember you for.
Never allow your limitations to tie you down for failure to whip.
You were created a hero and born to prove it. Stand on challenges and make a difference.
Don't wait for big opportunities. You can create small but wonderful ones by starting with what you have.
To become a better you, dare to take calculated risks and overcome your limitations. Your scars can make you a star, but you have to decide.
I charge you; once you have the dream, decide to begin and begin right away. Wait for nobody to blow whistles for you to start.
When you decide to be better than you were yesterday and maintain this attitude, you are going to the peak.
The way you react in times of challenges will determine whether your challenges will weigh you down, or you will overthrow them.
Don't give up. You have invested a lot of time already.
Once your intentions are real and wise, helpful and positive, keep going forward. Never ever give up!
It takes you to bring the hidden wonders into light. Decide to make it happen.
You carry greatness disguised in tiny potentials.
Don't carry your ideas to the grave untouched.
In a highly performing team everyone achieves better than he/she would have achieved when working alone.
Anyone who will eat his seeds today will be hungry tomorrow because he has nothing to plant and nothing to harvest later.
Challenges will come that is inevitable. But they can't easily destroy your future than your own appetite. 
To become a better you, don't dream of becoming a superior over other people. Dream of becoming a superior over your previous achievements.
Old formulas don't give new solutions.
Surrender to your truth, but never to challenges along your path.
No one can win every battle, but no man should fall without a struggle
Never deviate from the right way and you will improve.
Humility is the fundamental principle that builds up greatness. Arrogance on the other hand never brings anything good. When you are humble, you'll learn to become better.
You can't accept correction when you are not humble to listen.
Bear in mind that humility is not timidity.
You can be humble without compromising your values.
To become a better you, never let the attitude of pride linger around your ambitions.
16th century advertisements cannot market 21st century products. Look for what is necessary at the present moment.
7 Rules to a Happy Life:1. Be humble2. Don't worry 3. Don't settle for less4. Mind your business5. Work hard 6. Play hard7. Be nice
Never fade into your life,Never stop imagining,Never give up on your dreams,You only fail, when you think you have failed.
Thoughts are ideas scattered in your head. When written forms a sentence. When rhymed, it forms a phrase and singing it blooms a beautiful poem.
I didn't mean that I'm a nonpareil now. But I'm different, yes. I've found out that I can do quite difficult things if I keep trying very hard, and at least I've discovered that if I don't keep myself occupied I'm unhappy and unpleasant.
It is a fact of life that when you are small, people expect little things from you. But when you've done a great thing, people are amazed.
Just believe in it and do it! Do not ask people for advice. They are going to tell you no. That's the problem. Asking for advice all day long is great but taking action is more important.
The difference between failure and survival is that coping skill you used in between the struggles.
A flower's beauty is birthed in a seed's ugly struggles.
I've had several work addiction cycles in my life. Those were situations when important tasks were assigned to me. I took into account that people should remember me based on what I did rather than based on what I failed to do.
It is impossible to avoid failures in life. Don't be afraid of them. Consider rather how to learn from your own failures.
We must be grateful every time we witness a new morning, feel the touch of a loved one, or are blessed with the briefest sound of life.
Never stop dreaming,Never get satisfied,Make you goals bigger, every-time you reach them.Be more then you were, every day.
I have learnt that the best time for one to shout victory is in the middle of the war, it gives much more courage to go forward and conquer, it motivates you, it causes you to set your face towards the dangers ahead while having your heart, mind, soul and spirit on victory
I suffer from the congenital weakness of believing I can do anything.
It wasn't nothing, but it wasn't everything either.
In order to keep standing, one must first know how and why should they stand,
When our 'thought life' is in good shape, our thought processes shape-up, and quality decision-making becomes a norm. It is these quality decisions that will take you to your destiny. Change your thinking and affect your environment.
The doors that open and close in our lives are not nearly as important as the person we are when we open them.
If you can't stomach an ending, don't begin.
Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.
Our focus should be on making the most of our own lives, regardless of whether we start at the bottom or the top- not on envying the advantages and achievements of others.
People are so busy making money that they forget they will leave it all behind. When we depart, we only take with us the good we do in this world.
Stop being the sheep and become the lion my friend!
we can do ,whatever we want to do.
Sometimes, life is like mountain climbing. After you've achieved your biggest goals, you must return to the starting point to complete the journey and share your story with others to encourage them for their climb.
The Human Self is the only friend and savior to all humanity.
Mind is your greatest asset..
To all the women I say, don't ask to be saved by anyone, my brave baghinis (tigresses). Remember, if you deem yourselves as sheeps, men will treat you as such, but if you deem yourselves as tigresses, then you are the ones who will shape humanity.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Do not become self-absorbed, but become self-aware.
Great occasions often stimulate a person to do something great, but that tells nothing of his or her real character. Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
When you start to promise yourself, that means you are living!
Be excellent in your own terms. Do not look for approval from a single soul on this planet. Respect yourself and in time the whole world will respect you.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Innovative ideas are the golden wealth of a growing business
Chase after money and the stuggering race will never end but reach out for successful ideas and the sources of money will chase after you to fill your pockets. 
Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
The world needs courage and conscience that can penetrate into the darkest mysteries and secrets of the universe.
Every nation, every woman and every man must work out their own salvation.
Be excellent in your own terms.
All your sufferings can be alleviated by no other person but you.
Your imagination, your will, your conscience - these are almighty - they make you achieve things that no human being has ever achieved in history.
The world needs gigantic strong wills in front of which even the mountains will be crumbled.
Character is what the world needs - character that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say some other time, pal!
If your heart is a volcano,how shall you expect flower to bloom?
See your hard times through the spectacles of your experiences. They, too, shall pass away.
Seize the moments that are before you instead of planning for future moments that get lost in the abyss of time.
What I want from you comrade, what the world wants from you, O dearest, are the neurons of steel, within which dwells a mind of the same material of which the thunderbolt is made.
If we love each other without creating a race war, people wouldn't get hurt that much, and feelings too.
Help anyone who comes to you, as much as lies in your power, not because you are good person, nor because you want to be adored, but because you are a real human - a real human of the civilized society.
I - the eternal idea of oneness, have said this before - and now in the century 21st, say once again - Awake, my friend! Arise, my friend! Start walking my friend! And do not stop until you bring the change you wish to see in your society!
Continue to exercise your imagination and it will take you higher. Continue to exercise your will and it will take you higher. Continue to exercise your conscience and it will take you higher.
Invest in yourself so others can invest in you.
There is no mountain so high we cannot climb. It is merely a matter of time.
Nothing changes if nothing changes
She will rise. With a spine of steel and a roar like thunder, she will rise.
Sometimes You Just Gotta Stay Silent Cause No Words Can Explain The Shit Thats Going On In Your Mind And Heart
Don't let anyone make you believe that without their support you can't make it, hey look up, help is coming from unexpected places. Cheer up!
Each of us get to choose the movie of our life. Not only that, but we're the main character, the director, and the producer. We get to choose how we want it to be.From the Soul of Uncertainty
You are not the writer. You are the story being told from The Writer.
To be depreciated and humiliated isn't a statement of your worth but rather an evidence of your disregarded potential.
Your dreams will never workout unless you do
In the midst of the naysayers, he kept doubting himself and finally gave up. But all he had to do was to surround himself with positive people to be successful.
Being an entrepreneur is a mental job...It takes patients! YOU are doing more motivation to yourself than anyone on this planet.
I have a little moral trouble with the term mankind, as it possesses an innate gender bias, which I cannot approve of, hence, I prefer the term humanity over it, and the term human over man.
Life is a natural phenomenon - and by mystifying it, one only disgraces its natural beauty.
Small Actions Often Lead To Big Results
Those who fail to think, will shrink, sink and stink.
Producing what is required for the time, without damaging our inbuilt features is an art
Discipline sets you free.
The wider our conscience, the wider the impact of our actions, and I do believe someone with more light has the moral duty to enlighten others.
A problem's worst nightmare is a solution. Be the solution!
The Self is the measure of everything.
Your vibes define your character.Be the one for whom people demand,When you know you are destined for greatness,You feel incomplete until you succeed.
All our sentiments - religious, romantic or any other - are born in the neurons.
Youthful period is the time to make manful period effective and worth living
The man who said no to sin, cheat, deceit, manipulation, wickedness, hatred, jealousy and pride, has said yes to greatness
Life has no joy in it without accomplishment of purpose
One unsuccessful attempt to success is a major attempt to success
Sirs, if you are listening and are not acting, it is like a man who is always tilling but never sowing. It is better not to listen to a truth than to listen without acting, for then it becomes a poison.
You wake up and you realised, you suddenly have have wings? What will you do? You'll go and cut those, because that's what they thought you. They taught you to be sorry for everything. They thought you to be normal.
Islamophobia may not actually be considered as a medical condition, unlike a medical condition, it is nothing but a primordial disgrace to the character of thinking humanity.
You wake up and you realised, you suddenly have have wings! What will you do? You'll go and cut those, because that's what they taught you. They taught you to be sorry for everything. They taught you to be normal.
Be the solution!
Harmony also is not a luxury, it is an evolutionary necessity, if we are to advance further. And harmony cannot be compromised for any book in the world, no matter how ancient, or who wrote it.
If you make sleeping your hobby then poverty becomes your best companion
When people have nothing positive or negative to say about you, it means you don't exist
Remember how many people want to see you losing? It is your duty to make sure that they keep waiting... forever!
Fear, anxiety, stress and panic, all these are basic evolutionary expression of the human brain. They are part of the normal human condition.
When life takes you down like Brock Lesnar, You have to be Goldberg. But struggle doesn't stop there, you will be taken down again soon. You will have to be Undertaker this time. It is all about improving and improvising.
Set a challenge for yourself and challenge yourself to set a challenge for others to challenge themselves. True strength, true wisdom, true tenacity and true courage is best seen when it is in motion! Take action!
Progress means advancement in the path of upliftment - in the path of enlightenment - in the path of humanitarian glory.
It takes a human being to not do wrong in return.
Islamophobia defines whether a person is really a thinking and sentient sapiens or an ignorant caveman.
Usually the term phobia refers to the psychological fear of the human mind from something that poses a threat. But when a species starts using the term fear against a biological portion of itself, there is nothing more demeaning than this.
Black and white is mix of toughest simplicity and easiest complexity.
Black and white is salt and pepper of colors, for life tastes bland without them.
Black and white is as if phoenix of colors has eloped into opacity.
Black and white is heaviest of vibrant and at the same time lightest of achromatic.
See the world from another perspective and things would be simple.
Black and white is refuge of colors from their own nullity.
Black and white seems a journey into space which is destined back to earth.
Black and white, oldest of the vintages, newest of the last season.
Expectations hurt, be it sorry, be it thank you.
I can tell about one who didn't win. And it didn't matter.Because his destiny was battle, Not the victory. He was born to travel, Not to find destination. He lived to live, Not to make a home.
Black and white, severally incomplete and at the same time completely several.
Smiley tears and teary smiles are priceless.
Learning starts with single word "WHY".
Healing doesn't mean the damage never existed. It means it no longer controls our lives
I've never been motivated by money - it doesn't drive Me.
If you can't do anything about it then let it go. Don't be a prisoner to things you can't change.
It takes just one idea or act to connect the dots between hard work and success... Don't relent until you find it
When I compare my Life with others who are less fortunate, I feel so blessed and grateful that I immediately stop complaining and start Living with Joy and Gratitude.
Prosthetics can fix physical disabilities. But no prosthetic can fix an amputated spirit. So, don't let the society devoid you from your own spirit. Be brave and upright, and delve into even the depth of doom to achieve your goal.
I had to make a choice, either take care of my family and become a good son, or be a bad son and start working towards constructing a world of harmony and peace. I chose the later.
You are not for everybody, but you are for somebody.
There're many ways to inspire others but the goal is the same. The pathways are different and must be; because we're diverse. The destination must be the same; to inspire them, so they too can inspire others.
Success is not a journey; it's a destination called satisfaction." "Satisfied people are always motivated in heart and keep peace of mind.
Stars are dull when they're compared to you and I
If you want to change yourself, you have to change your point of view.
A good ride in the winter is something you quietly put adjacent to your heart; an unspoken victory filed away for times of weakness and need, to be pulled out when you require a reminder of what you are capable of.
Stick by your friends, and they'll help resolve your issues. Or, at the very least, help you forget they exist for a while.
I was taught that the way of progress is neither swift nor easy.
The greatest lesson of life is that you are responsible for your life.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.
A good plan is like a road map: It shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there.
People spend their lives in the service of their passions instead of employing their passions in the service of their lives.
Believe that you did wrong and continue to work hard for not being wrong
For every disadvantage there is a corresponding advantage.
Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push.
If you listen to everybody, you will be nobody.
Each man is the architect of his own fortune.
When you affirm big, believe big and pray big, putting faith into action, big things happen.
Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire, and begin at once, whether you're ready or not, to put it into action.
Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change - from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.
Until you commit your goals to paper, you have intentions that are seeds without soil.
If you want to leave your footprints on the sands of time, be sure you're wearing work shoes.
When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction from the world.
You promote yourself every time you take on a new responsibility.
Your greatness is measured by your horizons.
Great hopes make everything great possible.
Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
Don't play for safety. It's the most dangerous thing in the world.
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Imagination is an extraordinary resource within each of us with powers not found in ordinary thought processes.
To see something as either black or white is easy. To see the entirety in something that has blending colors takes time. To see something that's not there, takes one who is a visionary.
The things we don't understand will come back again.
Happiness is that which occurs when you know what sadness is, and that you possess neither it nor the attributes of it. So is sadness, that you know what happiness is, and that you possess neither happiness nor its attributes.
At times in life you must rediscover your footing.
Don't expect people behave the way you want them to.
Life without risk is not worth living.
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator.
Dreams become regrets when left in the mind, never planted in the soil of action.
Adventure is worthwhile.
Adventure should be 80 percent 'I think this is manageable,' but it's good to have that last 20 percent where you're right outside your comfort zone. Still safe, but outside your comfort zone.
There's nothing I did not hear, there's nothing I did not see, but I never despair.
If women are given the same honor and dignity in society as the men, they will run the society way better than men.
No triumph without a try.
Keep Trying is what it means to resolve to do something.
A FAILED RESOLUTION IS NOT THE FAULT OF RESOLUTIONS.
To be resolved to something is a reflection of your inner core, not the nature of resolving.
Never become impatient with the process, bored with the pace, frustrated at the meager results, just keep trying.
You will always be too much of something for someone: too big, too loud, too soft, too edgy. If you round out your edges, you'll lose your edge.
Never give up because when you give up, dreams get lost.
The dream provides inspiration and motivation. The goal generates drive and momentum. But daily effort on the details is the fuel that gets you to your dream.
The joy of our success can only be validated by the memory of our origin.
We all possess a hidden power to control our destiny. Attitude and determination are the keys we must use to unleash it.
Healing is your right, your responsibility and the risk you can't afford not to take.
Don't everallowthe disharmony of otherstobecome your ownamindful practiceof discernment(and the dislike for wearing bullshit)buildsthe eye, heart and spiritual muscles.
For every spirit who is learning: you heal yourself.
It is an utter insult towards the fascinating neurons of your cerebral cortex, to believe anybody's words blindly, even if that person is a Scientist or a Philosopher. So, I urge to you, that you must exercise your own reasoning and judgment (that's what your cerebral cortex is for; to be specific the frontal lobes) at all times.
Some days of my vagabond life I read Arthur Schopenhauer and others Friedrich Nietzsche. I was a humble learner - an empty vessel - at the feet of the legends of human history. I was a seeker of truth, travelling through time while quenching my thirst for knowledge. And a humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
All I want is to be at service of humanity, rather than being a teacher. I cannot teach anyone anything I can only make them think.
In a relationship, a real man makes his woman feel special; he doesn't make her feel jealous.
To live a happy life. Learn to let go of all that stresses you. You were never in control anyway.
Some people are designed to be included in your story but not part of your destiny.
Happiness isn't in the absence of problems but the strength to overcome.
So, this is my life. And I'm the architect of my happiness and sadness.
I'm a dreamer and I'm not the only one, I believe in a world where we all live as one and I hope you will join us one day.
When one door of opportunity closes, another opens; but often we spend most of our time looking at the lost opportunity that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Lack of purpose, not lack of opportunity, is the problem. We are all blessed with different gifts. Everything depends on what you do with yours
Weep. Forgive but don't forget. Allow your tears to lay the path to your future happiness.
Stop wasting your time over what you can't control, make the most of what you can control and miracles are bound to happen.
You can't know what is impossible until you are willing to venture past what is possible.
A man can lose everything except the will to choose how to react when faced with life challenges.
Sometimes life knocks you down, but all you need to do is to get up because happiness isn't in the absence of problems but the strength to overcome.
Success is a work in progress, failure is not the end of the road: it is the strength to continue that matters.
Without ambition, nothing is achieved. Without work, nothing will be completed. The prize will not be sent until you earn it.
Change your perception about things and the things you perceive changes.
Child, listen to those people that will tell you it is not possible to listen to those that will tell you that you can't do it and now listen to yourself and believe, anything you set your mind on is possible.
We've all made mistakes, we all have struggles, and we've done things we don't even want to remember. All these things are in the past, but you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Life isn't about who you are. Life is about who you become.
Don't let circumstances hold you down; You were born to be free. Sometimes it's not the hard work that pays but what you've learned from it. Be happy! Be yourself, be free.
I will not try to make you love me, to respect me or commit yourself to me. Bye.
See life as an adventure. There is no security in being feeble. Be brave, be exciting. Be creative. Live'.
Never settle for less, optimize your potential wherever you find yourself.
You can achieve anything, as long as you put your mind to it.
Yesterday's gone, let it go, It's not possible to bring it back. Renew, release, let go. Yesterday's gone. There's nothing you can do to bring it back. Today is a new day! make the best of it, tomorrow is not promised.
Have you ever wondered how your life would be if you will stop gossiping about people and using your words to bring people down? Try that today, speak only the good things you know about people and encourage others to do the same,
Forget yesterday - it can't even remember you anymore. Don't worry about tomorrow - you've not met yet. Open your heart to the wonderful gift that is in front of you - today.
I can never be satisfied I always look for more. 
If you want to live your life to the fullest you must start believing in yourself today.
Make the best of life while it last, tomorrow is a gift
Only love drives out hate because its only light that can conquer darkness
We accept what we think is best for us.
Perfection is overrated, creativity is the genius and it's better to be considered crazy than to be boring.
Even though fairy tales are fictitious, they made us believe that dragons exist and you can overcome them.
Hate is not the opposite of love but indifference. Art is beautiful; the opposite of it is indifference, not ugliness. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life it is indifference, not death.
Creativity is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Creativity encircles the world. I am enough of a painter to draw freely upon my creativity.
You have control over yourself. You are the master of your destiny. You're the captain of your ship and YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
There is no greater sorrow than having to live with an untold experience.
There is no greater sorrow than having to live with an untold experience
Creativity is the mother of invention.
I had learned quickly that life doesn't always go the way I want it to, and that's okay. I still plod on.
You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.
Sometimes you just have to find something to keep your body grounded, your mind flexible, and your heart open.
Chin up princess, or the crown slips.
The Secret is - there really is no secret. Everything you need lies within yourself.
When you focus on your focus, you will soon become the focus.
The truth of the matter is a matter of knowing and abiding by the truth.
We live in a magic time, Kanefionn Stoneweaver. Who is to say that it is not you who create these marvels?
Being able to inspire the body is an easy feat, but being able to inspire the soul as well is true talent.
A new mind, equals a new life.
I always stay hungry, never satisfied with current accomplishments.
Work and pray rather instead of watching and wishing.
It's never too late to start again.
Be true to your real self you are all you've got 
Be yourself, it doesn't matter who is looking,Fall in love like you've never been hurt,Sing like you are alone even when you are not,And be free like it's paradise on earth.
Lead by example, the change you want to see in this world starts with you.
People who don't see you every day have a hard time understanding how on some days--good days--you can run three miles, but can barely walk across the parking lot on other days,' [my mom] said quietly.
I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.
In times of division and strife, build bridges to the hearts of those clouded by anger, hurt, hatred, and ignorance, so you can help open and understand their minds and hearts, and they can understand yours.
The video was still playing, although I didn't know why. It seemed as if the able-bodied dancers were mocking me.
Magic is not doing the impossible. It's about doing what seems impossible.
Be careful because brazen behavior and a powerful mind can hide a delicate heart.
The future is unlimited for you right now, no one can knows what you capable of. Do not surrender! Only you are capable to change the world.
Life is like riding a ship into the storm. For every wave you take up, you have to drop just as deep.
The thought of being able to [move my arms] made me want to give up my legs [instead] since I was accustomed to using them. But, I figured that after a few hours of sitting in a wheelchair...I would switch back...in a flash.
The weekend was a much-needed breath of fresh air; Monday always seemed to not only take that breath right back, but add a few extra pounds to my shoulders as well.
Dancing with a spinal cord injury is a challenge like no other, but I aspired to prove to myself that I could still be phenomenal dancer even with an SCI
My mama told me If you're the smartest person in the room then you're in the wrong room.
No matter how dark it may feel, always remember, that somewhere beyond the darkest clouds the Sun is always shining.
The force is within you force yourself. 
What makes one strong is not the ability to confront adversity and cruelty, but rather the ability to love in spite of it.
I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, and see a better world all different and new.I want to live where there are no shadows, of all those stupid things we both know that we used to do.I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, I want to see the world exactly like you do.I want to live where the past doesn't matter, Whatever it takes I will never give up on you.
Every generation that goes into your genes is a generation of fighters, of survivors. And all those millions of lives are in you, in your blood.
The force is within you, force yourself.
The sky is not your limit...your beliefs are.
Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal.
Letting go is not about giving up, being lazy, or sacrificing yourself... Letting go doesn't have to mean losing; it can be about coming into a new, open, clean space from which you can create.
Neglect of women is the major cause for the society's downfall.
You are a being of infinite courage.
Awake! arise! the hour is late! Angels are knocking at thy door!They are in haste and cannot wait, And once departed come no more.Awake! arise! the athlete's arm Loses its strength by too much rest;The fallow land, the untilled farm Produces only weeds at best.
If educated ones would behave like illiterates, how the nation would end corruption?
Either cry for exchanging new currency notes for couple of days or crib for corruption for ages and generations with old one. Choice is yours.
Curing cancer affects good cells in short run too but makes a life flourish in long term. Curing corruption affects good people in short run too but makes a nation flourish in long term.
Anti-corruption policies are like cancer curing treatments. They affect good cells, say good people, in the short run; but make the life of a nation flourish in the long term.
Curing cancer affects good cells too in the short run but makes a life flourish in the long term. Curing corruption affects good people too in the short run but makes a nation flourish in the long term.
Biologically speaking, you are the child of Mother Nature, and neurologically speaking, you are the heirs of immortal bliss.
Professionals and good Samaritans, once be the gardener of the nation, would root up corruption.
Erosion of corruption is ambition of a nation. Sow the revolution or go for contribution; if not, opt corroboration.
Gift the children corruption free nation. Happy Children's day.
There is nothing more beautiful than the silence of nature.
Beauty cannot be limited to physical appearances... because beauty can be felt without being seen.
If you aren't constantly focused on your goals, you can easily waste all of the time, energy and money you invest in pursuing them.
There is a difference between how you live your life, and what you do with your life.
Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.Discipline your mind to think positively to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. 
If you surrender to your imagination, the story will write itself.
I have nothing but a great head to offer.Is that enough?
We are all capable of so much more than we think, the only thing we need to do is change our beliefs
Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Who you choose to surround yourself with will determine if you fail, or if you will succeed. Assets are people who will support you, build you up, and encourage you. Liabilities are people who will tear you down, discourage you, and give you reasons why you can't do whatever it is you want to do. Minimize the liabilities and you'll go far in life.
Writing can be a long and winding road or a straightforward march to the finish.What matters is that you enjoy the journey.
For the sake of the aftermath.
Subliminal influence, is the constant drive to the change in consumer choices.
Your belief is the operating system on which your life runs.
Nothing is impossible because the only obstacle is you
Living someone else's vision, is proclaiming death to your imparted destiny, and proclaiming life to the destiny of the visionaries pursuing their visions.
There is no color to known to beauty except elegance.
Sometimes the only way to ever find yourself is to get completely lost.
Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.
The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.
How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.
Embrace nothing:If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha.If you meet your father, kill your father.Only live your life as it is,Not bound to anything.
You'll never experience the joy and tenderness of a lifelong love unless you fight for it.
I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.
Get this in mind early: We never grow up.
Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.
To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".
Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.
He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.
Just to say 'I believe' or 'I do not doubt' does not mean that you understand and see. To force oneself to see and accept a thing without understanding is political and not spiritual or intellectual.
We have no future because our present is too volatile. We have only risk management. The spinning of the given moment's scenarios. Pattern recognition.
Things can be cleaned and replaced. Great moments cannot afford to be lost.
If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.
Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
Master, go on, and I will follow theeTo the last gasp with truth and loyalty.
The thing about knowing you're broken is that knowing is not enough to fix it.
You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.
Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike.""What?""He'll understand.
The past is called the past for a reason. If you are constantly looking behind you, your eyes aren't on the road ahead. You don't drive the car that way, so why should you live your life that way?
Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.
Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.
We're not making mistakes. We're making experiences.
I don't care if people say that I am staying hungry and foolish.
Think about it. Every time you fail at a task you've actually learned something new. The question is "what?
LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT?YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE.BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.
When the chips are down, you are giventhe chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that's how you roll.
When we have faith and discipline everything becomes easier. Patience is the mother of all virtues. With anxiety all our lives become worse.
We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.
I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.
We need no language to laugh
In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.
There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.
In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.
Your spirit lives on in your work. YOU decide what manner of work that will be.
Every little bit of peace I bring someone is worth the peace I never had.
When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.
I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.
You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.
The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.
One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home ... With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
... one can't live without falling now and again.
Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.
Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.
Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.
Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile
You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.
We are treated different because we want to be treated different.
Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?
Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.
It's okay to wander.
It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU.How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.
Life is neither hard nor easy, life is life. Understanding this will help you endure every life situation, for life is neither hard nor easy, life is simply life.
People don't seem to realizeit that it is not like we're onthe Titanic and we have toavoid the iceberg. We'vealready hit the iceberg. Thewater is rushing in down below. But some people justdon't want to leave the dancefloor; others don't want togive up on the buffet. But ifwe don't make the hardchoices, nature will make them for u
Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is
one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.
Find fault with thyself rather than with others.
Danny: I'm a bit jealous, Sheila.Sheila: Are you, my dear? What on earth for?Danny: Well, because you've really lived, Sheila.Sheila: Of course I have, Daniel. What else is life for?
Your mama coming back. Just cause you cant sees a person aint mean nothing. They still there. You worry you never gonna find your mama but she gonna come to you. Close your eyes. I bets you see her good.
Sometimes the best solution is the most painful option
Every day something inside us dies because we do not have the courage to follow our dreams
Till when will you struggle to make your place in this world? Open your eyes, you already have. Now go ahead and make use of it!
Discipline is an index of your lifebook, maintain it properly
Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.
Life can be more human and less tragic
Where your heart is, there lies your treasured home.
Most people go through life dreading they'll have a traumatic experience. Freaks were born with their trauma. They've already passed their test in life. They're aristocrats.
To say nothing is saying something. You must denounce things you are against or one might believe that you support things you really do not.
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care but because they don't. A person's actions will tell you everything you need to know. Love yourself enough to say goodbye to those who don't make time for you or don't know how to love you back. Let go of what hurts, even if it hurts to let go." ~ Jennifer Green
Learn from your past and be better because of your past, but don't cry about your past. Life is full of pain. Let the pain sharpen you, but don't hold on to it. Don't be bitter.
They say life is a test and this is a ridiculous idea! There is neither examination nor examinant! You encounter problems in life either because you are stupid or your path just crosses with the problems' path by luck! Nobody is sending you problems to test you! Stay loose and chuck out the irrational idea of 'test' at once!
Don't spend your life wondering "what if" and worrying over something you have no control. What's done is done. Looking backwards will cause you to miss out on new blessings ahead. Move on.
Our mind speak to our souls about the lifestyle we should have. Nobody can dictate our souls because we only have control of our own character and ambition.
Life, life.
If you don't know what you want form life, everything will appear either as an obstacle or a burden. But one of the greatest lessons of history is that the whole world gets out of the way for people who know what they want or where they are going. Be assure, if you don't know where you are going, you are lost.
But these were days of self-fulfillment, where settling for something that was not quite your first choice of a life seemed weak-willed and ignoble. Somewhere, surrendering to what seemed to be your fate had changed from being dignified to being a sign of your own cowardice.
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, be smart, be real, but most importantly be nice.
I had an enemy - myself. Getting rid of the ego-self, in came the Self. Now, here, there, everywhere is nothing else. Just One Self.
Naked we were born, naked shall we return to grave. What then is the toil?
Do not wait too long in living your dreams.
No one knows you better than the one who created you.
Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.
The longings of the human heart are changeable and elusive. The good fortune we enjoy today may not be appreciated until it has been taken away and we have to fight and try to get it back (p.132)
I have no regrets. Every experience is the wrong-path is chance to turn to right route for the ultimate travel to the destined-land.
Puzzles are sort of like life because you can mess up and rebuild later, and you're likely smarter the next time around.
Embrace the perpetual joy of moving perpetually forward.
You could be the smartest person on earth, but nobody will care if you can't carry yourself the right way.
Were I but perfectly normal, I would just not be.
Experience teaches us the events of a lifetime.
There is joy in every circumstance. Although the beginning is/might be bitter, there are valuables lessons in between that bring joy.
If you have to do the work, it well.
What we believed, we become.
When taken for granted remember there are thousands out there that will value and cherish your friendship and effort-Just move on
Take it easy. Live life- one day at a time. It is only when we add the regrets of 'yesterday' and worries of the 'future' to the 'present' that we end up complicating things...
It's like you get started in one direction and pick up speed, and you may forget where you're going and why,but the momentum takes you there anyway. Only, you find out when you arrive that it isn't where you wanted to be.
You must not love yourself. I'll tell you, mademoiselle . your life belongs to you. Only a matter of treating your life a little better and maybe life would treat you better in return.
If you want your dream to come true, you must do a lot of work.
Second chances are not that important. What's important, is being ready when the first chance is given.
When you're twenty-one, life is a roadmap. It's only when you get to twenty-five or so that you begin to suspect you've been looking at the map upside down, and not until you're forty are you entirely sure. By the time you're sixty, take it from me, you're fucking lost.
Keep your heart pure. Overlook an insult.
Do not take to heart everything you hear.
Life is plain. But never a pain.
You wake up in the morning, then go for a jog, pump up the dumb-bell, and take a shower! Put on fresh and clean clothes and get out of your apartment fast! The day is yours for the taking! Carpe Diem!
If you want to save your life.. risk your life.." - Sivaprakash Sidhu
Enjoy all you can while you exist.
What may appear to be the wrong way by other people's standards may indeed be the perfectly inspired path by which you will arrive at clarity of mind and a more authentic expression of yourself.
Flowery tongues have thorny throats.
Don't worry. Life goes on. With or without you. So, live it, while it's given you.
Live joyfully this life. Once gone, who knows if we ever get it back. Atheists think we do not. Mystics say you will. Either way, chill.
Till the time Mother Nature takes away what she had bestowed upon us for free - this wonderful gift, of life. Value it, while you have it.
It is no use dying, before one does.
I'm done with those; regrets are an excuse for people who have failed... Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore..
Wise is the fool who becomes a master at laughter.
The place we get lost is the very place that we're found, all we need to do is put one foot in front of the other.
True resilience is found in our ability to get up, to create space for a message we may not want to hear, to listen like we've never listened before, the then to act on that message - even if that means changing the way we've been hurtling down our path in life for decades.
There is only one label worth fighting for, nay, not fighting for, that is human.
Be pure, live a conscientious life, defend your dignity and be loving to others.
If poverty defines greatness, then become the poorest person on earth, in terms of weakness and bigotry. And if wealth defines glory, then become the wealthiest person on earth, in terms of courage, confidence and reasoning.
Don't, but if at all, then, lie to the whole damn world - never to your own damn, silly stupid self.
To sum it up, success is nothing more than a small act of courageousness.
The world is made out of Nutella. You just need to stick your tongue out, so that you could really taste it.
Distance yourself from people who:1. Disrespect you2. Mistreat others3. Are abusive4. Lie to you5. Are negative6. Have no goals7. Use you8. Put you down
You see yourself as a shipwreck, but we see your treasure glowing inside, beneath the oceans in your eyes.
It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.
When we blindly focus on what is to come we fail to see the 'now' and it is the 'now' which is our life. Each moment of each day is what we are living. Don't miss the moments of each day.
It may take many voices for people to hear the same message.
Develop distinct habits of wreaking havoc on any stinking thinking addicted to launching mentalmissiles aimed at sinking your unique magic.
Respect and appreciate yourself.This is your responsibility for your soul.
Sometimes we must gravitate towards madness before we can levitate on greatness.
Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.
Take time daily to reflect on how much you have. It may not be all that you want but remember someone somewhere is dreaming to have what you have.
One of the greatest keys to happiness is realizing it has no doors.
Sometimes people outside of your people act more like your people than your people.
Earth is the ball. Humanity is the goal.
One of the greatest keys to happiness is learning how to accept reality while stretching forth to create a new one.
Why Borrow What U Know Is Already Coming Your Way? ~ Eve's GrandMother
Embrace the fact that we are human. We are flawed, we aren't invincible, but we are resilient, and we are alive. So we need to live as such
We had a great time hanging out with the nerdy girls of that suite and pretending to be so depressed and in pain. The problem was, you were never pretending
Life isn't filled with perfect harmony. The world is littered with bum notes, off-key moments and tuneless episodes. The trick is to find your own music, to ignore the discord and sing your own tune.
Don't waste your whole lifetime waiting for the perfect life when there's a perfectly good one within and right in front of you.
Love is a powerful thing. More powerful, even, than money.
The Strength of life is as strong as the strength of the hair follicle.
Coaching is like a magic mirror, reflecting what you are thinking, feeling and saying about everything in life. By working together, you'll understand your own mirror and break all the boundaries to become limitless
Life is a creation, not a discovery
You cannot find replacements for everything. Few things happens only once in your life time. So value everything that you got.
You are the greatest thing that ever happen to you, Life is more important than anything else. Live the life to the fullest.
When one makes you happy, the other makes you worried. Its just a balancing phenomena. So be the same person what ever the situation you are in.
Sometimes a man cannot live up to the best idea they dared to have
If you go to the workplace thinking that you are a mere employee, you can only be an employee. If you go with an Entrepreneur consciousness, you can definitely become an Entrepreneur
No matter how strong or strong-willed you are, you cannot live a stressful, maxed-out life without that pace eventually biting you in the butt. It is necessary to take breaks, set parameters, and be kind to yourself if you want to continue making an impact in your little corner of the world.
If people are not laughing at your Goals, your Goals are not big enough!
You are a beautiful creation and were made like no one else. Your uniqueness is a pleasant gift you can give to the world if you are willing to define and live that out. And, it is the best gift you will ever give yourself.
A simple flap of a butterfly's wings can change the course of your destiny forever.
don't make the mistake of not following your dreams as most do,but plan out your day and except change
He changed me. He helped me see who I really was and realize that I didn't like that person. He made me want to be different. He made me want to be better to myself and everyone else.
Have WILD imaginings and then ask for ALL of them!
Life is just like an arrow..To launch it, we have to stretch it back.
Politics to me was the whining of an old braggart too proud to admit his faults and too vain to try something new. All of their agendas and manifestos were nothing but a lucrative offer to deceive the fools and encourage the clever in deceiving more fools.
The belief that ignites hope in the heart of a person to survive is the same belief that boosts the ego of the person and deters his progress by clouding his judgments.
Stop giving people the power to control your smile, your worth, your attitude and your day. Don't give anyone that much power over your life.
Love does not leave, it grows and transforms into something different.
Beware of those who speak ill of others in your presence.....don't be surprised of what they say in your absence.
I don't think that we should waste our time criticizing other people. Self-criticism allows us to be the best version of ourselves.
We are created with life's inherent sense of order and urge to thrive.
Supply the needs first and the wants later, for one can only obtain true peace, love and joy when one supplies the needs first and not the wants.
It Is What It Is
Do whatever makes your spirit glow out loud.
Today Never Comes, Tomorrow Never Stops
Life is short and you gotta enjoy it to the fullest while it lasts.
The important thing is not to survive, but to live.
Don't waste your energy in fighting the old. Use it to build the new.
There is much in this world that hurts us, but if we let pain become our master, we live our lives as slaves.
What ever you say or do, are reflections of what is in your heart.
The best lessons of life are learnt in silence and solitude.
Better life begins the moment you learn to be content with what you already have.
Every single creature on earth manages to survive one way or another, but not every creature truly lives.
Make peace with yourself before you move forward. Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
During my school years, I was never a brilliant student, but just an average one, with only above average level of curiosity.
Any idea of separation is bondage. True liberation of the mind is in non-differentiation.
Happiness & Sadness are compeerin other words,Sadness is the shadow of happinessjust like thatHappiness is the shadow of sadnesssadness gives Darknesshappiness gives Lightsadness gives Profundityhappiness gives HeightIt is always in proportion, that's its balanceIf you want happiness, Remember sadness will also come.
When you can share the lessons you learnt through tears and heartache and others find life in it and are better off for it, then beauty has come out of those ashes.
Life is a journey filled with experiences but without the experiences, there will be no life.
Truth, by all means is the ultimate reward for all the sufferings of the human mind that often compel even the strongest of characters to get down on his or her knees.
Don't judge people by their religious, cultural, or professional background. Judge if you must, by their behavior with other people.
Misery teaches you the value of joy. It reveals to you the gravitas of human life.
Be an inspiration for short time than living for a long time
we are prisoners of our own lives, until we find the courage to break free from the prison that we created ourselves.
The power of the sin is in its secrecy. Rip the covers off!
We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be
The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.
Don't over-focus on the negatives and under-focus the positives in your life.
Be grateful for the day and the day will be grateful for you. Stay positive and everything around you will respond in kind.
I don't know what love is, so I'll redefine it.
When you start with thanksgiving, you will always end with praise. Be thankful, it grows.
Life is simply too short to live it less perfectly than it could be lived.
We all have pain, Wes. It isn't life without it. What matters in life isn't that we escape pain. What matters is that we overcome it.
Know yourself as you are - particles of start-dust moving through the eternal ocean of time, trying to make whatever little difference you can.
Any human action that goes against what is ordinary, is deemed as an anomaly.
Ten minutes of meditation a day, keeps the psychiatrist away.
Because who wants to Fast Forward anyway? You might miss some of the good parts.
Sometimes the only way to hold on, is to let go.
Theodore you have the mind but you have not the body, and without the help of the body the mind cannot go as far as it should. I am giving you the tools, but it is up to you to make your body.
Gabriel Oak: "It's time for you to fight your own battles... and win them too.
Sometimes we have to get out of our own way.
We the humans are too tiny to know something so grand as an Eternal Driving Force behind the Universe. Ultimately what would really matter in the development of our species as a whole is, we the humans serving humanity.
I am merely an insignificant creature on a microscopic blue dot in the vastness of space.
Don't lead enthusiasm out of your life! Else life won't lead you anywhere.
What melody will our rivers remember if songbirds forget how to sing?
All the repressed emotions and subconscious desires in time lead to some kind of psychological or physiological breakdown, if kept unchecked.
Misery teaches you more than joy.
Pleasure and Pain participate equally in moulding character.
The most formidable adversary of evil is a persistent man with a loud conscience.
Whatever is meant for you the universe shall be given to you. Do not despair.
Most of the modern human society has nearly lost the faculty of observing the internal mechanism.
Time spent in assessing one's self, is the time spent best.
Never waste your precious time in discussing the good and bad qualities of others.
There are pearls in the deepest fathoms of the Self, but to get them you will have to go through unimaginable perils.
A rich life is lived from a giving heart not a selfish mind.
You are either the person you were or the person you are, eventually you have to let go of one
Stop nourishing other people's ideas and beliefs in your life. Take up your own idea and endeavor to accomplish it.
Life does not change if you only modify the content, your life will change if you will dare to alter the context.
At times, look back towards your ancient days, drink deep from the eternal fountain of wisdom long gone, and then look ahead.
Live every single moment of your life, for the one thing that is most precious to you.
Its not about what we take with us when we die,Its about what we leave behind.
There is no force in the universe that can harm you, unless you allow it to.
From the tiniest experience of your daily life to your grand perception of the universe, in various situations, the human brain tends to create its own myth and stories.
Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.
Enjoy being with yourself, you will then not feel alone.
Setbacks allow us to take a step back and look at the view from a whole.
Ask anyone; possibly ninety-five percent of our wishes have come true. The unfortunate part is, we all overlook that, and regret all our lives and torment ourselves for not getting the other five percent.
Every man is subconsciously promiscuous, but it is the conscious mind that keeps those primordial urges in check. A healthy brain creates a healthy mind, which keeps your relationship strong, safe and healthy.
Anger is a deception. You engage it thinking you'll feel better but ultimately it drills you deeper in the hurt.
The pain of running relieves the pain of living.
Once we start writing with a pen, we are not allowed to erase our mistakes, we are forced to deal with it.
Our experiences shape who we are.
You can't move forward until you stop looking back.
You won't ever have everyone love you, just as you won't have everyone hate you. find the right people to love you and return the hatred of others with ambivalence or hatred of your own.
Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.
Never wear a shoe that doesn't fit you
Attachment to the hurt is the root of all suffering.
It's not that life is good or bad. Life just is. It's how you handle the shitty situations that will determine whether it's good or bad.
A rational human being of the civilized world would be like the swan that can draw the milk from a mixture of milk and water, leaving aside the water.
This whole life is an art of knowing when to sit and when to stand up!
Forgiveness is the subjective and fertile ground the acorn falls upon when gifted to ourselves and others.
Who needs toothpaste when you have cigarettes?
I help people achieve their dreams.
We believe in the good old days; we believe our best is in the past. Our past is our memories, our past is our learnings, our past should stay where it is. And we should let it.
What differentiates brother most from brother and beast is neither purpose, perspective nor prowess. It is simply intent.
Influence is when you don't talk and yet your words fill the room when you are absent and yet your presence is felt everywhere. 
There is no such thing as Hardcore Philosophy or Hardcore Science. Real Science and Real Philosophy do not destroy each other, they simply fulfil and enrich each other.
Age is only a number. Maturity to a large extent is dependent on your exposure to life, its experiences and your lessons from them.
It is imperative you stay in touch with your inner self so you don't lose the essence of who you truly are.
The impact of your life will go beyond your imagination. Live your life to be a blessing.
I've learned a lot this year...I've learned that some people will wrong you, forgive them anyway.I've learned that things might not work out as you thought they should, do them anyway.But what struck me the most isno matter how good or bad things are, life goes on, so live it anyway.
Sometimes life ask you a question, but you couldn't find answer in any book. You have to create answer yourself.
Virtues untie the knots that life could sometimes bring our way and they glide us through easily.
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality. No matter what you going through don't give up.
This caterpillar does not just simply grow wingsFirst, it must alter its mind; transform the very being of itselfIt must climb the tallest tree, the highest mountainSwim the deepest of oceansWalk through the fiercest of flamesAnd then, if it chooses, this caterpillar can become a butterfly
If you want to make room for something new, you must let go of something old that no longer serves you.
Sharpen and trust your judgement: learn when spending is a shrewd investment and when it is merely an indulgence
During my life journey I've discovered an interesting thing once you stop seeking outside you discover what already resides within. 
We have a saying in the desert: It is better to see the truth, than to imagine it.
Humility is not an attribute but a key to development.
To be fearless, you must simply fear less.
The road to overcoming your fears could lead you to unbearable places but sometimes such gives you an edge than nothing else could give.
They say copying is a form of flattery, I say it's lack of originality.
The only thing that will make you successful is the believe you have in yourself
Time is priceless; you are responsible for your time. Earn it or kill it, your choice
Be happy about your own life and you'll be amazed at just how much more beautiful you'll find it to be.
Nothing takes you away from dwelling in the past or worrying about the future like living in the present.
Give everyone room to mess up so that when they do you won't be disappointed and if they don't you'll be impressed.
A Star is always a star no matter what stage they are on or at
Dance bravely into your own heart, and you will find the love of all.
When facts give way to faith, then and only then do you unlock the possibilities within.
Life is not a race.....not a struggle,& bla bla ....We make it a race , struggle.It's we to decide how should it be. Actually Life is Present & the choices we choose in past.
Success is simply the wisdom born out of so called failures
Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.
Why had he assumed time was some sort of infinite resource? Now the hourglass had busted open, and what he'd always assumed was just a bunch of sand turned out to be a million tiny diamonds.
I don't need time, I need a deadline.
It is too late." The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be." He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.
Time. There is much time left and lots of life seasons. There is much to see, to do, and to be.
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.
Everyone just wasting time because they have so much of it to waste, minutes slipping by on who's with who and did you hear.
You can't make footprints in the sand of time if you're sitting on your butt, and who wants to make buttprints in the sand of time?
Everything started as nothing.
Perhaps time's definition of coal is the diamond.
There are times that one treasures for all one's life, and such times are burned clearly and sharply on the material of total recall. I felt very fortunate that morning.
I always wanted to know what it is right. Maybe we know each other from time immemorial, if you know that in you is the eternal energy of goodness, which is most important for you.
The only currency that we really have to spend during our lives is time. Everything else is just a sub-category.
What is far is very close, and what is close is very far
Time passes so fast. Make time to be still.
In the end, Nora, there's only time. All we have is time.and even if this wasn't happening, we still don't ever have much.no one does. We only have the moment we're in. We have right now.
Over time, even the tiniest meaningful actions add up, each one bringing you closer to a life that is truer to your dreams and free of regret.
At last, the clock settled in the right place.
Each moment is now. Reality amounts to flickering lapses in time, as infinite layers of now. And with this constant motion we think of ourselves as being at rest. When in actuality we are zooming through space.
You can be anything you want to be as long as you know who you are. Paradoxically, once you realize this, you begin to lose your sense of self.
The present becomes the past instantaneously. Look back by all means but remember that you're moving forward.
The gift of time is the grace of today.
The gracious moment a given time.
Time define the deeds of the moment.
Time is thought.
Adversity is the adventure of time.
We do not know the details in a day. How can we foretell the happenings in distant time.
To be a good professional engineer,always start to study late for exams.Because it teaches you how tomanage time and tackle emergencies.
Tell me that you don't love me, and I'll leave you alone. In this time or the next. Tell me that you don't feel free. Tell me you can't stand the way I look at you. But don't tell me that I'm not allowed to love you. I will love you through every minute, every day, and every year for the rest of my life. My love for you is timeless.
I'm in love with fiction. A fantasy that slips between my fingers when reality sets in.
Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty.
To ugly ducklings everywhere,Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons:They'll never get to be swans
When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Then find someone who's life is givin' them vodka and have a party!
I don't know where my ideas come from. I will admit, however, that one key ingredient is caffeine. I get a couple cups of coffee into me and weird things just start to happen.
If you have the choice between humble and cocky, go with cocky. There's always time to be humble later, once you've been proven horrendously, irrevocably wrong.
The only difference between me and a famous writer is that I do not want to be famous.
Real men don't lift weights, they lift women.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
Hope implies that you think you have a chance at something.
...it's just another one of those things I don't understand: everyone impresses upon you how unique you are, encouraging you to cultivate your individuality while at the same time trying to squish you and everyone else into the same ridiculous mould. It's an artist's right to rebel against the world's stupidity.
... an artist should paint from the heart, and not always what people expect. Predictability often leads to the dullest work, in my opinion, and we have been bored stiff long enough I think.
If everyone listened to me, the world would be a better place.
Only love will attract love.~ Amunhotep El Bey
Tell me about yourself, Miss Russel."I started to give him the obligatory response, first the demurral and then the reluctant flat autobiography, but some slight air of polite inattention in his manner stopped me. Instead, I found myself grinning at him."Why don't you tell me about myself, Mr. Holmes?
Never take life too seriously, you're never getting out of it alive.
I am a loser in my own plot, but I might be the hero in someone else's plot.
Everyone is a Butthole.
I have not failed. I have just found 10,000 ways it will NOT work.
We all go through the same things - it's just a different kind of the same thing
My dream, is to dream, a dream.
Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.
And what greater might do we possess as human beings than our capacity to question and to learn?
WATNEY: Look! A pair of boobs! -> (.Y.).
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us the less taste we shall have for the destruction of our race. Wonder and humility are wholesome emotions, and they do not exist side by side with a lust for destru
The easiest way to do anything is properly.
Before it is science and career, before it is livelihood, before even it is family or love, freedom is sound sleep and safety to notice the play of morning sun.
Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels
We shall never achieve harmony with the land, anymore than we shall achieve absolute justice or liberty for people. In these higher aspirations the important thing is not to achieve but to strive.
We are not born into the world. We are born into something that we make into the world.
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them.
There is no royal road to science, and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of its steep paths have a chance of gaining its luminous summits.
I have no responsibility to live up to what others expect of me. That's their mistake, not my failing.
In every man, there is a child. In every woman, there is a mother. 
I used to measure the skies, now I measure the shadows of Earth.Although my mind was sky-bound, the shadow of my body lies
Discover the force of the skies O Men: once recognised it can be put to use.
Impossibility only lasts until you find new unbelievable hard evidences.
Life off Earth is in two important respects not at all unworldly: you can choose to focus on the surprises and pleasures, or the frustrations. And you can choose to appreciate the smallest scraps of experience, the everyday moments, or to value only the grandest, most stirring ones.
Oh! to shoot for the stars if feels right. Aim for my heart if it feels right.
Laboring through a world every day more stultified, which expected salvation in codes and governments, ever more willing to settle for suburban narratives and diminished payoffs--what were the chances of finding anyone else seeking to transcend that, and not even particularly aware of it?
The History Of The Universe In Three WordsCHAPTER ONEBang!CHAPTER TWOsssssCHAPTER THREEcrunch.THE END
The larger a star the shorter its life, but all the more fascinating its death. As it collapses within it's body, the infalling material can be no longer be compressed; the star is blown to pieces; its shattered mass realeases out ward at the speed of light.
The atoms of the earth are formed inside of stars. Nothing really dies, everything is transformed.
A new consciousness is developing which sees the earth as a single organism and recognizes that an organism at war with itself is doomed. We are one planet. One of the great revelations of the age of space exploration is the image of the earth finite and lonely, somehow vulnerable, bearing the entire human species through the oceans of space and time.
Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure the comfort.
But still try for who knows what is possible!
Science is the most reliable guide in life.
But the saddest difference between them was that Zazetsky, as Luria said, 'fought to regain his lost faculties with the indomitable tenacity of the damned,' whereas Dr P. was not fighting, did not know what was lost. But who was more tragic, or who was more damned -- the man who knew it, or the man who did not?
I was thinking of how sometimes, trying to say the right thing to people, it's like some kind of brain surgery...
Science is essentially an anarchic enterprise: theoretical anarchism is more humanitarian and more likely to encourage progress than its law-and-order alternatives.
We will restore science to its rightful place and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost.
Tell me what you eat and I will tell you who you are.
Presumably there is indeed no purpose in the ultimate fate of the cosmos, but do any of us really tie our life's hopes to the ultimate fate of the cosmos anyway? Of course we don't; not if we are sane. Our lives are ruled by all sorts of closer, warmer, human ambitions and perceptions.
The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity- its envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can.
Life is directly proportional to happiness and sadness.
Unified thinking without borders in apparent dimensions can only be strengthened when focused collectively 'internally'.
A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few original ideas as possible.
I might face death any minute now! But I should try not to put myself in harms' way as long as I can live. Of course it is not important if I die, because this is going to happen anyway. I know my purpose, my purpose is: How will my life or death impact the lives of others?
No men who really think deeply about women retain a high opinion of them
a room without boooks like a body without soul
Gandhi, the greatest political genius of our time, has pointed the way. He was shown of what sacrifices people are capable once they have found the right way. His work for the liberation of India is a living testimony to the fact that a will governed by firm conviction is stronger than a seemingly invincible material power.
If we could stop thinking of 'meaning' and 'purpose' as artifacts of some divine creative act and see them instead as the yield of our own creative future, they become goals, intentions and processes very much in reach rather than the shadows of childlike, superstitious mythology.
When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
The Lesson is Life and Life is the Lesson, and the Lesson does not contain a single Atom.
We must convince each generation that they are transient passengers on this planet earth. It does not belong to them. They are not free to doom generations yet unborn. They are not at liberty to erase humanity's past nor dim its future.
Science is a way of trying not to fool yourself. The principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course a quiet conscience.
eorum omnium actiones in se invicem
Gwynned lies two days westwards; still further south, the weregeld calls. Mayhap with All-Father Woden's favour, my deeds may yet inspire the skalds.
Individual organ of human brain makes individual decision for working of brain and driving behavior in humans.
Even if ninety-nine percent of what you discover is later proven wrong, it is the one percent that is right that matters.
The stars of heaven gives light.
Can a broken cistern hold water?
Maybe if you had megaphones on your chest they'd listen to the words that came out of your lips
The mind you use to try to see your true self does not recognise if it has never seen. Once you stop looking within and realise you are the one doing the looking to recognise yourself, the mind will understand.
Mother Nature continues in motion while your mind is segmented with probabilities. Remembering your night dreams shows exactly this - fleeting scenes of experience with nothing in between. Dee-anne Hayes
The sap is nourish from the root.
Caitlyn Jenner is not brave nor a hero
If our 14 billion year cosmic history were scaled to 1 year, then 100,000 years of human history would be 4 minutes, and a 100 year life would be 0.2 seconds.
In these days, when there is a tendency to specialize so closely, it is well for us to be reminded that the possibilities of being at once broad and deep did not pass with Leonardo da Vinci or even Benjamin Franklin.
If you believe you can change-if you make it a habit-the change becomes real. This is the real power of habit: the insight that your habits are what you choose them to be. Once that choice occurs-and becomes automatic-it's not only real, it starts to seem inevitable.
Just because you deny facts and science doesn't mean they aren't true
At some point we have to give up and say that's just the way it is. Or, not give up and push on.
CONSIDER THIS When things do go wrong, ask yourself whether you could have prevented it by being unhappy.
We are surrounded by evil forces in our daily lives. We must be wise enough to recognize them. Strong enough to resist them and resolute enough to destroy them.
Breakthroughs arise when someone can combine many ideas together. Think broadly, not deeply.
We are what we build
If it can happen in your mind, it can happen in your camera
I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I just try to think about the future and not be sad
...people taking the time and energy to ask about what they do not understand - I have renewed hope that society can shed its superstitions and embrace the enlightenment that comes from just a basic understanding of how the universe works.
In my opinion, the author-level metric can distort a real author's citation impact. For example, an author who has an h-index = 2 obtained on the basis of two published papers of which each is cited twenty times is more influential than an author who has an h-index = 3 obtained on the basis of three published papers of which each is cited three times.
If that king was unsuitable in his service and duty...then his place will never be vacant and a foot soldier will lead the way though he remains nameless
The human has not one but two births - first, when a person is born from the mother's womb, and second, when that person rises from the socio-culturally imposed cocoon of prejudices and ignorance.
Every single phenomenon in the world, has a physical explanation underneath it. Finding the explanation depends on how far you are willing to go.
The salvation of the species, lies in knowing the Self - it lies in contributing to the wellbeing of the Selves of others.
The mystical non-sense of afterlife indeed gives solace to the mind in times of weakness, but why should the mind let its weakness be the fuel for primitiveness in the first place!
Life is better with a partner.
We seek only a place in our nations space future w/o discrimination. We ask as citizens of this nation to be allowed to participate with seriousness & sincerity in the making of history now.we offer you 13 women pilot volunteers.
Your memories are you. There is, it seems, no other You.
if you have returned then either its a deception or its a dream...from now no nightmares onwards.
if you have returned in my life then either its a deception or its a dream...from now no nightmares onwards
Every mistake tried to teach but...I always tried to missAt the end i thought i was breaking myself...the mistakes were repeating without a helpfrom then i learn to learn from mistakes...whatsoever it takes,you will beat the best
Every mistake tried to teach but...I always tried to missAt the end i thought i was breaking myself...the mistakes were repeating without a helpfrom then i learn to learn from mistakes...whatsoever it takes,you will beat the bestwhen you dont repeat your mistakes...
Human nature is a combination of modern conscience and ancient primitiveness. As the creation of the human mind in a state of transcendence, all scriptures are also a fusion of human conscience and gruesome primitiveness.
I need to remember, however, that there are enormous gaps between what I know and what I think I know. I learned that I need to be very wary of my storyteller's potential for stirring up drama and trauma.
An attitude of gratitude goes a long way when it comes to physical and emotional healing.
I don't do metaphysics. Neither do I have the luxury to talk about my beliefs.
Get rid of your useless ceremonials and be educated like your ancient ancestors - Aryabhatta, Brahmagupta, Susruta and others. Make education your purpose of life and spread it among the masses.
Just because 2 billion people believe it, doesn't mean it's true.
There is no such thing as reincarnation, but only similar incarnation.
Real science begins with curiosity and madness.
We think our fathers fools, so wise we grow. Our wiser sons, no doubt will think us so.
There's something missing in how we inform the youngsters coming along about what matters in the world. We teach them the letters and numbers, but we fail to inform them about the importance of our connection with the living world
In the pursuit of breaking free from all the shackles of man-made bondages, science is the most effective tool we have till this date.
The optimist sees the glass as half full, the pessimist as half empty. What I see is water that can save someone's life.
Dare to be an optimist.
The future is malleable, and to see it, you just have to listen to history and have a grand enough vision. - Salome Gluecksohn Waelsch - Developmental Genetics
If only I knew now what I know in the future.
A beautiful face like yours should be smiling. Why don't you smile?""I do smile. When something beautiful happens in a book, I can't help but smile.
Every true scientist is a philosopher, but not every philosopher is a scientist.
I am not a teacher of humanity, I am merely servant of humanity.
Be naive and curious. That's all you need to become a scientist.
Memorizing and regurgitating are not science. Real science is a constant investigation of the unknown.
Psychics, astrology, tarot cards - all these mystical non-sense are signs of a weak mind. Whenever such garbage starts grabbing hold of you, seek the help of a physician or therapist.
Made up of some holy freaking atoms.
Mind and Soul are one and the same thing.
The handsome and the beautiful may earn the admiration of society, but all the wondrous inventions of the future are a by-product of the unsung, anonymous scientists.
A fire needs three things: a dry bed, fuel, and room to breathe.
Spaceflight will never tolerate carelessness, incapacity, and neglect.
Somehow creationists keep us naturalists in track to some extent. They are the representation of human stupidity at its extreme. And we need some stupidity in the society for true intellect to be adored.
My continuing passion is to explore strange industries, to acquire new knowledge and ask many questions, to boldly learn something I did not know before.
Movement is life!
Reading is my passion and my escape since I was 5 years old. Overall, children don't realize the magic that can live inside their own heads. Better even then any movie.
It is time to browse through the precious books that have meant the most to you that you may rediscover illuminating phrases and sentences to light your pathway to the future...
Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can
Books fall open, you fall in
the depth of a person's character is not measured by his or her physical strength, but by the depth of his or her nobility.
Know yourself and go in swinging, if it hurts when you hit, it might be real, too.
In your hands winteris a book with cloud pagesthat snow pearls of love.
The world belongs to those who read.
A book had always been a door to another world... a world much more interesting and fantastical than reality. But she had finally discovered that life could be even more wonderful than fantasy.And that love could fill the real world with magic.
Its better to hold a book between your Fingers than to Hold a Cigarette.
The written word is all that stands between memory and oblivion. Without books as our anchors, we are cast adrift, neither teaching nor learning. They are windows on the past, mirrors on the present, and prisms reflected all possible futures. Books are lighthouses erected on the dark sea of time.
Novels are food for the leftover hours of life, the in-between times, the moments of waiting.
Some of the most relaxing weekends I have ever enjoyed were those I spent quietly with a sense of all work to date completed, and an absorbing mystery.
The worst book imaginable has a redeeming quality if it gets a young person to read.
The door could not be heard slamming; they had probably left it open, as is the custom in homes where a great misfortune has occurred.
No magic Rune is stranger than a Book. All that Mankind has done, thought, gained or been: it is lyingas in magic preservation in the pages of Books. They are the chosen possession of men.
No book is really worth reading at the age of 10 which is not equally worth reading at the age of 50.
You can't give what you don't have. To write, you must read. To write well, read well.
Never a day without a line.
The clean book bill will be one of the most immoral measures ever adopted. It will throw American art back into the junk heap.
The more i read the less i know
As long as ignorance and misery exist in the world, books like the one you are about to read are, perhaps, not entirely useless
I have lived in worlds beyond counting and countries as strange and wonderful as the dance of dust in sunbeams, because I have lived in books.
I think part of why I have so many books around me and why I read every day is because I mythologize the writer. I don't do that with any other artists.
He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home... But he was home. Hogwarts was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here...
(...) and spend my days surrounded by wise books, - bright windows in this life of ours, lit by the shining souls of men.
Many books describe different problem solving techniques, but solving complicated problems in reality is not so easy.
Reading is the life-saving water for our minds. Drink pure words as much as you need and remain alive!
I hope that when the characters in my novels dream beyond their current circumstance, it inspires the reader to do the same.
I asked of the limitless sunshineHow to shine with the dawn's glowing light;No answer came back from the sunshine, But my soul heard a whisper, "Burn bright!
You are one thing only. You are a Divine Being. An all-powerful Creator. You are a Deity in jeans and a t-shirt, and within you dwells the infinite wisdom of the ages and the sacred creative force of All that is, will be and ever was.
All Earthquakes and Disasters are warnings there's too much corruption in the world 
reality isn't the way you wish things to be, nor the way they appear to be, but the way they actually are.
When we illuminate the road back to our ancestors, they have a way of reaching out, of manifesting themselves...sometimes even physically.
Understanding the beauty of our humanity unlocks the power of our spirituality.
Enlightenment is: absolute cooperation with the inevitable.
AS YOU GIVE OUT SO SHALL YOU RECEIVE.
CULTIVATE THE GOOD WITHIN
Death is someone you see very clearly with eyes in the center of your heart: eyes that see not by reacting to light, but by reacting to a kind of a chill from within the marrow of your own life. 
Meditation is an essential travel partner on your journey of personal transformation. Meditation connects you with your soul,and this connection gives you access to your intuition, your heartfelt desires, your integrity, and the inspiration to create a life you love.
Love manifests its reality in deeds, not only in words-these alone are without effect.
The Stone of Guilt in the River of the Mind, the block in the flow of intelligence.~ Paramahamsa Nithyananda
Divinity means unfolding and expressing life in new ways. Divinity means radiating peace, bliss and beauty in the world. Divinity means overcoming the limitations of nature in new ways.
There is no need for false solidity when you are at peace with the universal expanse of your true Being.
Even the wise appear foolish before one who brings peace to another.
Ascension to successive echelons in the pyramid of awareness is an act of inclusion requiring unconditional acceptance of all that lies below.
Playing along in the yard, The blue sky sparkles against the earthly green,Creating such harmony!A pond, nearby.Untroubled waters mirrors the ether's dreams.A grand echo of my Divine Heart!I am One
It's all about having fun and feeling good!
Faith encompasses so much more than a denomination!
It's little got to do with anybody, just the energies we create.
Don't ever worry about losing those you love. Just remember that we are all on the same Tree of Life.
Self-pity is spiritual suicide. It is an indefensible self-mutilation of the soul.
There's a thin boundary between the light and dark side. Both are fervent to reign in the space of the other.
Even if you are not aware of it, there are moments when you are receiving hints, a nudge, or support from the other side.
If there is no sunshine today, I decide to be their sunlight.
You are the love and light the world needs to make it beautiful.
Sometimes the only thing we can do for people is pray.
Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and immediately all my biggest fears start running through my mind. I wonder if my fears will one day be my new reality. The fears seem so real. I struggle to shift my focus. Then slowly I realize that my fears are devoid of any love and that only love is real.
Life is pushing you toward love.
Creativity is one of your greatest gifts. It resides deep inside you impacting your every thought. It is attached to a never ending source and is one of the main aspects of who you are. Your very essence is as a creator. No one creates exactly like you do. Your thoughts and actions color the world.
Don't be afraid of emptiness. Emptiness is divine. Let the divine fill up the space in a way that is truly right for you. Trying to fill it up too soon blocks your gifts.
That deep longing that you keep dismissing as impractical, may be the very thing your soul is calling you to do.
Changing your words, changes your mind. Changing your mind alters your energy and that is what changes your life.
May you always find your intuitive voice and may the language of your intuition sing.
Remember, the thoughts you think, along with your feelings and emotions, control your vibration. Your vibration is a magnet and everything that comes to you is steel.
In a world of knowledge and expertise, fame and fortune, status and ranks....nothing has the power to affect change as much as love and compassion.
What we see, what we say, and what we think is what we get.
If there are patterns of bound emotions then life will bring that to the surface as often as is needed for all feelings to now come and go naturally without any personal sense to them.
Being born into this world involves taking on a conditioned view of identity - for a while at least. We are all conditioned from a very young age to believe that we are separate and incomplete, and that if we could only just get something additional then we will somehow become whole.
We are here not only to realize the truth of our being but to express it. If we realize who we are but still move from fear or a sense of obligation or cultural expectation, then the realization has not yet integrated into the whole of life.
Mystical experiences are not required to blast fear out of our system and for us to stabilize in the sensing of oneness with the totality - only the willingness to move with however life is now flowing. With conscious movement now, all sense of separation between life and self dissolves, and life free of fear is realized and expressed.
Any fear around 'imperfection' is a censoring of life now, and when we censor life we simply cannot sense our innate natural joy.
Life is pure loving intelligence. There are no mistakes.
To see the beautiful and mystical in the other worlds, one first must see the beauty of one's soul
Happiness cannot be owned.It is in living in the spiritual experience of living every breath, that lets us taste a moment of it.
It is in the moments of silence, that we can be taken to our own world where our real essence longs to be part of
With the right kind of people life is wonderful
A free spirit is not bound by this, that, matter, materialism or opinion. They sing, dance and flow on the wind - for they are at one with it. They are nothing and everything - void and expanse. Even space and time does not confine or define them. For they are pure energy itself.
Live The Life That You Love
Who we are and where we want to go determines what we do now and what we accomplish over time.
You are the author of your life. If you don't like how it goes, write it differently.
Play is a sacred act. When we are playing, the essence of all creation flows freely through us. We are expressing our true nature and connecting with the very core of our existence. Nothing is more spiritual than that.
When we 'lose ourselves' in play, we find something greater--the nameless, formless, and mysterious essence of all creation.
Going through fear is one thing, being beyond it is another.
Like dust brushed from an old painting, as we journey beneath the surface layers of life, another landscape is revealed.
I closed my eyes and turned my face into the cold wind. When I felt it swept along my skin there was no past. No future. Just now.
Being grounded is not a punishment. Stay rooted.
My soul is satisfied with spirituality.
The Secret to FlightDon't flap your wings so hard. It only exhausts you. Close your eyes. Lean into the currents, say yes. Let the wind raise you higher and higher. So easy. That's what Eagles do. Oh, this is the secret to life as well.
There will never be another you. The planet desperately needs your unique purpose, passion and presence.
Forget your voice, sing!Forget your feet, dance!Forget your life, live!Forget yourself and be!
I long for the day when I hear the musicwithout any song.
Prayer or worship does not therefore grant a free pass to selfishness ...
What you choose to do in this life will surely affect you in the next... Just do good, even when it's very hard to do so. It's your life that's on the line.
Love is not an Emotion, It is your very Existence.
to judge darkness as bad or wrong is akin to judging whether up is better than down, or whether blue is better than red
I went on to explain that there are at least 3 stages to life, beginning with you as victim, then moving on to you as creator of your life, and ending-if you're lucky-with you be- coming servant to the Divine.
Time Management means managing ourselves with the timezones when we are naturally energetic.
If you don't keep challenging your mind and your self, you're going to loose the ability to grow as a human being both physically and spiritually.
Tomorrow go out and do one good deed something you would'nt normally do, then make it a habit and add another each and every time you've owned and mastered the one before and then even you can turn Iron into Gold
Yoga is the process of eliminating pain - pain form the body, mind and the society.
Knowing what's ETERNAL will sustain you through the EPHEMERAL.
Artists strive to free this true and spontaneous self in their work. Creativity, meditation are ways of freeing an inner voice.
As always, self-esteem had created an ability to be generous.
Beauty is the moment when time vanishes and eternity arises.
A compassionate heart radiates rays of beauty that remove the clouds of million hearts.
For each new morning let there be flow of love. Let there be light of happiness in every direction.
Lighten up. Brighten up. Smile.
Spirituality is feeling a oneness with humanity.
Mind knows the questions, soul knows the answers.
Maybe the moon just lost herself gazing too long at the brilliance of the sun and that's how she got her glow. And maybe we're made of the same mysterious sort of magic that makes us magnify and mirror whatever we look at the most.
So Rise now to the Occasion that is Life
Your big heart will make you care and care a lot - About nature, a friend, a moment, even an enemy. Sometimes you will feel no one else does. Take a breath and trust it will be momentarily. Keep looking for those who care and keep them close to you.
The expensive car you bought doesn't matter, but the way you treated the salesman did.
Dwelling on the past is like dragging a boat over dry land.
Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment. It's about rolling with the changes, whether they are perceived as good or bad. Tao reminds us to live life through good actions (important for past karma and karma you are presently creating); through practicing things that engage our mind, body, and spirit.
You have the power to change the happiness level in someone's life and in the process you change your mind-set and the level of your own happiness. Practicing kindness and compassion will change your life, your environment, your outlook on your future, and how you view what has happened in your past.
When the ego is in the driver's seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love
It's about letting yourself feel, but not wallow; it's about leaning into love, not fear, as the preferred force in your life.
When you change the way you feel, it changes the way you think. When you change the way you think, you change the way you deal with everything in life.
Everything is in the root. If you pick the weed without getting the root out of the soil, be assured, it is going to grow back.
Sometimes you're going to shine like the sun; sometimes you're going to crumble to pieces. Either way, it's okay.
Faith is Feeling Alive In The Heart.
You know that you won't remain Centered all the time, and it is a normal part of human life to drift left or right of Center sometimes.
In spite of all - Be Happy.
Once machines performed all the servile functions formerly performed by the lower classes, the population immediately achieved equality, ending over ten thousand years of class systems.
Humans are wired to want to share love, the essence of our being, with others. The more we close this area off by holding onto anger, frustrations, resentments and disappointments, the less we are able to love ourselves and others.
The expensive car you bought doesn't matter, but the way you treated the sales man did.
When the ego is in the driver's seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love.
When I think of Tao, I think of the artist Bob Ross and his famous painting techniques. I can hear him say, It's your tree, you can make it look any way you want to.
Life is an all-encompassing art gallery. From the seasons ushering in change to the way a body moves during dance from the way one smile paints another to the waddle of a street rat - every facet of life is art in motion. Every time a bird takes flight from a branch the scene changes each time the winds shift brings new perspective. 
Spirituality gives sacredness of strength.
If all your focused thoughts followed your inner feelings, your life would be abundant and joyful beyond all imagining.
By nature you are a manifesting machine!
Feelings are the directional impulses of your soul. Your soul always wants you to go into the direction of greater joy.
Focus on lack and you will always struggle to create enough money.
When you allow your mind to ONLY have positive thoughts towards your desired outcome you are saying to the Universe that you are devoted to manifesting your dream.
First, be better than yourself, then strive to better than your competitors.
Feeling undeserving is never compatible with the ability to attract or create wealth.
Forgiveness is remembering the truth of who you are.
One of the aims of forgiveness is to turn the frozen, pent-up energy in stored-up emotions into free energy that people can express themselves with in the present.
Each manifestation is an ascension opportunity. All manifestations teach something about oneself and mirror one's own unconscious state of being.
For aspirants upon the spiritual path, each manifestation provides clues as to what needs to be released or cleared in order to continue to ascend.
The Universe supports doers.
Love is not jealous, angry or afraid.
In mystical terms, the law of attraction specifies that you will attract to yourself those experiences that match your beliefs.
Growing older does not automatically mean growing kinder or wiser.
By thinking of the good things you want to happen as part of a regular routine, you are creating a positive energy.
Your thoughts and feelings together create an 'energetic blueprint' that is constantly being emitted out into the world.
The truth is, the source of existence is infinite and to discover the essence of it is an unfolding that lasts for eternity.
If you do not have the time to become healthy then so it is the same of becoming wealthy.
By simply and profoundly giving love to yourself everyday in every way you are saying to the Universe you are worthy of attaining any dream, vision or goal. Feel worthy of it.
Big or small, be ready to do your part when you dare to dream and you will be rewarded with success from the Universe.
If you were brought up on a poor man's brand of drink and prefer that to this very day then do not pretend you like expensive wine.
I know a lot of wealthy people, and yet not many of them drive a Rolls Royce or a Ferrari! However, I also know some of poor people on the verge of bankruptcy driving Bentleys!
However, what I have come to understand from my life's journey is that I am always in the right place at the right time. In fact, there is no other place I could possibly be.
Dare to believe that there is something better for you and that you can change your future and make it better.
With a clear idea of what you want in life, you need to actively pursue your dream. Half-hearted attempts will not work.
Dreams give purpose to one's life. If you do not wish anything better for yourself or for your loved ones, then life loses meaning.
There are many fun things to do in life, but few that are more rewarding than committing to living the life of your dreams.
Often the unfavorable events of our lives are a catalyst for long needed change, so what seemed like a poor decision in the beginning can result in much better quality of life in the long term.
Do not look back at the decision, look for the solution.
When it comes to creating million dollar inventive ideas, most people stop short of reaching the mother stratum while mining their own seam of gold! Genius takes effort and passion.
There is doggedness to genius. It is the ability to dig deep and hold on to the dream.
It is easy to be average. It takes no endeavor at all to be like everybody else.
When we give up our dreams then we are merely existing and not living.
Be who you are longing to be, practice thinking of yourself as the person of your dreams.
Only when you verbalize your interests will the Universe be able to come to your aid.
Your dreams may have been buried inside of you for a long time because you were busy with things that needed to get done, but it is never too late to dare to dream.
Self-expression is an important requirement if you desire to make giant leaps in your career.
Working on your dream whenever it is convenient for you will not work. When you dare to dream, you should also dare to do.
More and more I am learning to let go of urgency and to let my soul sink deeply and refreshingly into contemplation of the joy of the Spirit.
Everybody has dreams and goals. All you have to do is dig them up.
Looking flash without the cash is worthless!
Stash the cash and stop being flash if you want to give being wealthy a bash!
Each of us channel through the rest of us, which is true on every plane of being and in every field of enterprise and in all walks of life.
All we are in possession of is the result of the snowballing attitude of our minds.
When it comes to manifesting anything you desire, sometimes you have to go and collect.
As the Universe brings your desires towards you, sometimes you must take the path it lays out for you so that you can be in the right place to receive it.
The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.
Positive words can bend your world in your favor.
Millionaires, though, see objects like diamonds and good feelings merely as fruits. The root of true wealth, in fact, stems from your behaviors.
When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.
Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.
Creating abundance must start from within ourselves.
Leaving your future to pot luck is holding you back, you are worth more than anything, yet why do you leave everything to chance?
The foundation of all personal development, actually, is self-acceptance and self-love.
Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you are in control of your life and the events that come into your life at any given moment.
Base your self-esteem on truth.
Gratitude raises your awareness and focus and it can inspire you to achieve better for yourself and the people around you.
Once you realize that everything in the Universe is connected then you will have a better understanding of the fundamental nature of manifesting.
What is energy? Everything is energy.
The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.
Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.
Your attitudes towards others affect what you think about yourself.
The second step that comes right after taking responsibility for everything that occurs in your life is to let go of all that you do not feel good about.
The first step to reclaim your power to control your own life is to take responsibility for your life completely.
To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.
Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!
No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.
A thoughtform is rather like electricity . it must first be created and then discharged in order to exist.
Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.
Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.
Being able to unlock your subconscious mind depends on knowing what you want before you can achieve it.
One BIG thing you overlooked when setting out on living the adventure of being wealthy was that you overlooked your current reality!
Imagine repeating the power words 'love' or 'happiness' for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.
You can create financial abundance by having a positive relationship with money.
Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.
When you begin to entertain the more positive possibilities, hope for the best, plan for the best and expect the best, your eventual attraction of the best possible circumstances is almost guaranteed.
Never forget that there is a soul within you, which loves you very much ,only because it's you.
Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.
The perfect person isn't what you're being asked to be, but a beautiful soul will suffice. " ~ Roy Hale
Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.
Funny thing about the darkness... It can be defeated by the dimmest shimmer of light!So on your darkest days let even a little bit of light in
Sometimes only when opportunity stops banging to be let in do we notice its absence!
We must not bind our hearts to the things of the world, no matter how beautiful they are or how much pleasure they give us. Our hearts must soar in the heavens for us to be truly the humans we were meant to be.
Materialism allows for a greater vision!
The war going on within you is a reflection of every war that has ever taken place. past, present, and future. Each individual is a Spiritual Warrior and there is only one demon you must conquer.your SELF. You are the devil and you are the savior. You are a human with free will, and every morning you wake up and you make a choice.
...What you fear will not go away; it will take you into yourself and bless you and keep you. That's the world, and we all live there.
At the heart of the matter is a battle between wish and fear. Fear generally proves stronger than a wish, but it leaves a taste of disappointment on the tongue.
Fear and realisation of ignorance, strong medicines against stupid pride.
Fear is a bird that refuses to fly, and each time she neglects to use her wings, she consents to the slow death of her destiny.
Good words," I replied. "But deeds must prove it also; and after he is well, remember you don't forget resolutions formed in the hour of fear.
Fear is the thief of dreams.
Turn on the faucet. Wash yourself with the emotion. It won't hurt you. It will only help. If you let the fear inside, if you pull it on like a familiar shirt, then you can say to yourself, All right, it's just fear, I don't have to let it control me. I see it for what it is".
That's the thing about fear. Death will kill you once, but fear kills you over and over and over, if you let it.
The only thing I am afraid of is fear.
Fear was about possibilities. Not things that happened. Things that might.
People who live life in fear of taking risks die without living it.
I think the willfully unimaginative see more monsters. They are often more afraid.
Do you think courage means being fearless? Or daring? Courage, real courage, is taking three steps when it terrifies you.
You cannot be afraid of the unknown. In every moment and with every step you take, the unknown becomes the known.
Overcome your problems as they arise. Do not live in fear of the next bad thing in your life. Enjoy your time now and trust that you have the strength to defeat every problem that comes your way in the future.
You push forward, you fight the demons, you keep moving. Fear tries to paralyze you, to keep you from moving. It stops success, it stops progress - when you do things afraid, you're still accomplishing your goals, only you're doing it knowing that you are truly conquering the Everest in your life.
And at twelve, heading for adulthood, a child fears that the way she is at that moment is all she's ever going to be.
When in despair. when in fear. when in doubt. make something.
Use fear as a counselor not a captor.
Fear is the chain still wrapped around a free man's leg
Fear is the chain that wraps around a free man's leg.
Fear is like a disease that can be fatal if not treated on time.
In today's society, the animals known as Homo sapiens have become conditioned to elicit the same kind of fearful response whenever the bell of Islam is rung.
You are not weak. People like us, we're brave. We're the ones who get up and face our worst fears every day. We keep fighting.
That's what I like most about her; she isn't fearless. She's scared, but she keeps fighting. She has moments of doubt, when she runs away, but she comes back. She doesn't give up. Sometimes she fails, she falls down, she makes mistakes. She's real.
No such thing as the right time, situation or place. You have all it takes. Just dig within. Exhume all the greatness inside of you and transform the world with an inexhaustible drive and without fear of limitations.
We shall not fear the unknown. We live in the unknown... make the unknown known today as tomorrow is yet to come. Never fear it. Be grateful to see it".
Fear makes you worry and worry makes you weary.
Pushing through fear was what eventually set you free.
The more you conquer fear, the more you become stronger.., For that don't let the More Evil in.
Fear will hunt you down, right to the very depth of your soul".
Don't let fear, or doubt creep in. Instead, let hope creep in. Start believing in yourself. Open your mind and heart to the possibilities.
Hate is a word that doesn't hurt but the word I love you hurts when taken advantage
Fear isn't what scares, it's reality that does scare
Cut all cordsSail at your own paceSail with no fear in your mind and heartBe the captain of your life.
A life lived in fear is a life half lived.
FEAR IS PURGATORYI have died many timesAnd my episodes of deathGave me the powerOver the greatest fearsThe fear of lifeThe fear of self
You can shine as a light in this world and you will be safe. The divine has your back.
Fear is leaden. Courage is golden. Let go of the weight of the world, and you will fly.
The parched soil of fear needs steady rain.
Sometimes in life you've got to Ctrl, Alt, Delete and let go.
Two questions I'm pondering:1. If money didn't exist, would you still chase your dreams?2. If money didn't exist, would you still keep your job?If the answer is "YES" to both, you're on track. If the answer is "NO" to either, what needs to change?
What is your motivation? When you drill down and ask, "What if there was zero ROI (of any form)?," you'll discover your highest and best use of time.
Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action.....no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
Those that dare not to dream big are cowards, for they fear to expose the already great potentials embedded inside of them.
The hopelessness of life is like a weak fire, that can only be extinguished using the fire extinguisher called hope.
Don't trust your fears. They're unfounded.
When you get shy, you're simply thinking of yourself. Stop it. Step out of yourself.
In the beginning of a movie, they don't tell you what's going to happen. You just have to wait and go on the adventure with them
But there was a special kind of gift that came with embracing the chaos, even if I cursed most of the way. I'm convinced that, when everything is wiped blank, it's life 's way of forcing you to become acquainted with and aware of who you are now, who you can become. What is the fulfillment of your soul?
To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds purpose of a life in reason.
It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.
Being gifted means facing the next level of depth without ever being repulsed by the curse that comes with the magic of being different.
I believe that our sole responsibility is to reach out, uplift one another and lighten one another's burdens. If we are not doing this, then we are yet to start living. What a man owes his fellow is a transforming encounter.
If fiction and fantasy books are escapism, then let an author write them so as to better equip the reader to face reality by the end.
Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's jobs with yesterday's tools!
You can map out a fight plan or a life plan, but when the action starts, it may not go the way you planned, and you're down to your reflexes - that means your [preparation:]. That's where your roadwork shows. If you cheated on that in the dark of the morning, well, you're going to get found out now, under the bright lights.
Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.
If you practice hard, you can win every battle.
It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.
You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.
Money is just an idea.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...
The water doesn't know how old you are.
Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.
It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.
WINNER:is A Runner who Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine ExcellentRunners!
Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.
An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.
Whoever find the goodness of grace, departs from wicked acts of evil.
A crack on the road does not terminate the journey
Filling up your soul with the depths of your own thoughts, that's just extraordinarily progressive.
You know how powerful it can be when you discover that you can do something you never thought you could? It changes everything. and gets you thinking about what else you can do that you weren't aware of.
The Internet is a funny place, because it's a forum for so many awful ideas, body shaming, bullying, and the like. The negative side of social media is that everybody thinks they're experts with the right to weigh in on.Yet, at the same time, the Internet is a place where women can find solidarity, no matter who or where they are.
Unleash you masterpiece genius and let your authentic self be free.
If you get stuck, get up, and go ahead.
Motivation is like quicksand. if you stand still for too long you will sink. When you start working towards your goal the start always hard until you aren't sinking anymore.
Every war is not worth fighting and every victory is not worth celebratingbecause not ever disagrement should creat an enemy.
It takes a lot of confidence, and self-love and self-worth to realize that you are capable. And that you have every right to leave your lane, and to do things in the same way that other people do.
Have Fun Storming the Castle!
Inspiration, Admiration - Motivation [I AM]- a very well defined characteristic of the SOUL.
If you're comfortable with solitude, being left out is not a problem
Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment.
Adventure begins when something goes wrong
The hatred of those who hate me is like a boomerang to them
No one needs to give you permission to be great. You hold that authority.
Don't try to live forever - You can't! But you can do things that will live forever.
You can't Believe in Yourself, till People Believe in You.
Life is not a Race, but we still continue the Chase and try to be an Ace. It's time to get out of this Maze and Truly Live with Grace.
You see, at young age I had known how bitter taste like and it all started with a cup of brewed coffee.
Money is important, no doubt it is. But is it everything? That's the question we miss when we make our Choices in Life.
Confidence is not what others think about you, it's what you think about yourself
Strange satisfaction of organizing pencil crayons and sharpening them (the way I used to enjoy sharpening wax crayons as a kid 
The journey to more self love is often a quiet and long road. One without cheerleaders or confetti. Just you and your strong inner conviction to do things differently. There are both triumphs and failures on this road. And when you truly turn a corner you will bask in quiet victory, finally feeling the power you once thought was elsewhere.
Your body expresses yesterday in what it wants today. If you think: yesterday I was, tomorrow I shall be, you are thinking: I have died a little. Be what you are becoming, without clinging to what you might have been, what you might yet be. Never settle. Leave definitiveness to the undecided; we don't need it.
We don't always get what we want but often something better happens and we become the person we always wanted to be.
As events beyond my control unfold. I go within to find peace.
There comes a time to speak your truth and the time is now
I am now ready to let go of anyone or anything that prevents me from being me.
Thank you to all the people who have triggered my issues. You have helped me clarify what they are, start the healing process and ultimately become a better person.
Today I make time to release any burdens that I carry. One by one I release them into the atmosphere, until my body is in a complete state of calm
When you claim your amazing, limitless self you are simply owning the highest truth of who you are.
People ask - how can I enjoy life when I have problems? You may have problems, but you can still enjoy life and be Happy.
There is nothing lacking in you. You came into this life as an abundant being. You remain as such. Free your heart and mind from anything but this truth.
Many of us learned to repress our creativity. We were told it was secondary to more important skills. The good news is that many of us have untapped gifts just waiting to be expressed. You owe it to yourself to uncover and express your gifts
Whether you dream big or dream small, chances are your dream will come true if you believe in it and really work on it.
When someone influences you to think negatively, they take Charge of your Life and will lead you to Destruction.
Life is a choice. We can be truly Happy or miserable ! Or in-between .... We decide.
Perfecting your character isn't a marathon, a race, or a competition. It can only be won in stride with daily motivation.
All it takes, is a little spark...
Nobody will walk the entire journey with you. Their roads do diverge, so does yours.
Motivating employees to work at their full potential is the main premise of successful management.
Managers can use power, money or certain circumstances to achieve short-term results. However, motivation is crucial for achieving long-term results.
You asked about important factors in management. I think the answer is quite simple - the most important factor is motivation.
Mind with full of creative ideas and new thoughts, doesn't care what other will say or think.
Network marketing is not for everyone because, NOT EVERYONE has goals. Stop trying to make everyone around you goal-oriented.
Compassion, not castigation is the way to help a person become better.
We have never been outnumbered, we have only been out organized.
Nobody can steal your Peace of mind, but you can surely throw it away by letting negativity into your Life.
I have seen what hard work can do, and I know what more it can and will do.
You will never get the best out of anyone professionally unless you understand what motivates and makes them tick personally - as a human being
The final magnificent spark of a firework is only the last seconds of the fall. Though it's invisible to most, it's the way up that creates all the impact.
I don't want to be a kitten anymore. Give me my honorary claws so I can become a lion.
As much as we can fight for material related dreams, we must also fight for intangible progression, in terms of improving our selves. Financial success is important but it doesn't supersede the success of being the best version of your self.. Fight for that, live for that, it will make you powerful, be the best version of your self.....
The odds are, you highly underestimate how awesome you are. Stop doing that.
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive
It is high time that you break the shackles of separatism and with the glorious flames of love, compassion and humanism in heart, you assimilate the goodness from all around you. Let love and compassion reign over the modern human civilization and hatred be a matter of ancient history.
My dreams couldn't defeat me!
We weren't born to create excuses, we were born to create excellence.
For every can't, there's a can. Cans are worth money, so you'd better start collecting them.
The meal is hot, but still delicious.Life is hard, but still beautiful.
Reinvent Yourself.Redesign Yourself.Reform Yourself.Restore Yourself.and if something is left of you till thenAppreciate Yourself.
Life is like a storm. At its worst, it's full of blinding fury, rage, and destruction. However, at its best, it is full of striking beauty and wonder.
Be your own Guru.
We always think that we are right and we are best, but look at back and if you can see your past the you will be best in future.
They always said my books were ass. The next one I wrote told them to kiss it!
If size really mattered, the whale, not the shark, would rule the waters.
Hoping is a great Positive emotion and you must HOPE. But remember, you can't just Hope for Success, you also have to work for it.
Failure and Success are two sides of the same coin. One does not exist without the other.
Manuscript rejections might tempt you to quit writing or querying. Don't.
Self-discovery is life recovery.
Don't ever forget that life has nothing to do with what you are doing, but has everything to do with what you are being.
A mindset that understands order, is a mindset that can understand leadership.
When your shoulds finally become musts, that's when you will achieve great change in your life.
Assess your days and reconcile the differences. Repeat steps to success and dispose bad habits.
Ineffective leadership, is the plight of followers who anoint power to the autocratic persons who's visions are not founded but are rather arbitrary in their nature.
Look around you. There! Yes, there!! There's what you need to succeed.
Sometimes just looking and listening speaks so much louder than words.
Thought leadership is first and foremost life leadership.
In order to discover who you are within, you need to attune your visionary world deep in your sub-conscience to the outward world and live it.
The true measure of a person is not in what he knows, but what he does with what he knows.
Your skill, strength, and overall survival are offensive to some people. Those are definitely not your people.
Let the spark in you catch fire and burn into the air, so that it may light up the sky.
Do you really need permission? Still waiting for that invitation to your life? No one is going to give it to you...only you can do that.
The Sun challenges us to Shine, the Clouds remind us to Move, the Birds tell us we too can Fly and the Sky tells us that there is no limit to our Dreams and Goals.
Time will tell if it was well spent. Time will tell where all your ideas went. Time will allow you to achieve your goals. Time is too precious to put on hold.Don't waste time on meaningless things.Take advantage of its benefits and all life brings.
You cannot free someonewho is caged intheir own self.
Destruction wasn't when you chose to destroy me.It was when i let you.
I was lost for too longbut when i found you,i could feel it in my bones.You were my home.
Take me to your darkest cornersand watch your demonssurrender to mine..
Master the art of selfloveand you will never have to seekvalidationever again.
I am no one's to be claimed,I belong to me.
I stopped losing my sleep over you...Now i lie awakein search of me!!
It's okay darling,creative people are called crazyall the time.
Success doesn't come to you walking, you should move towards it
People will think while you can do, go and do it
Efforts + Proper Timing = Success
A life of service is a life well and greatly lived.
Be yourself no matter what. People don't have to like you, and you don't have to care.
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.
Life is like a river-it keeps flowing, flowing, and flowing till it merges into the sea. Nothing can stop the flow of Life, but you can enjoy the Journey.
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations
Consistency in your interest is the actual reason behind every success, and inconsistency is the major cause of failure
Some people need a super hero to save them, but I am my own super hero. All I need is myself, my strengths and the fiery passions in my heart to overcome the obstacles in my life.
You can provide the conditions for the motivation of others and the leadership to help them find a way but they must have the intrinsic spark, the desire, to move, to overcome the inertia of the status quo and change things.
Beauty is not defined by your physical features. It is defined by the heart inside your chest and the love that flows through it.
Everybody counts-the Happy ones Count their Blessings and the sad ones Count their Troubles.
If you've had the time to think about it, then you have time to pursue it.
Capture my heart and my mind. Become my ultimate challenge, greatest vexation, strongest desire, and most precious blessing.
I always look towards the light of my desires, so I never forget where I'm going.
When we release all the negativity in our lives and notice the beauty all around us, we'll see what truly matters in life.
Even if I don't have wings to fly, I'll close my eyes and open my heart; then I'll make love my wings and hope the winds that give me flight.
We have to do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Life makes us suffer at times if we cruise through such moments and look forward to the light the day brings, that darkness that has crippled our mind can be fought and it can be defeated.
My heart is on the brink of a world so foreign that it feels like a fantasy. Blessed do I feel when I think of your heart which is so warm that it melts the frozen world we live in. Blessed I am with all of you that I hold near and dear to my heart.
Hope is that tiny flame in a candle that continues to glow even after the wax around it has melted.
Reason Develops Passion, Passion Creates Motivation, Motivation is the driving force behind all actions = GREAT RESULTS.
No matter what happens in your life, keep an open heart and mind with a gentle smile. It's the true beauty of the heart.
Mystery is what makes women, woman. A woman without mystery is no woman. She is a girl who has yet discovered the depths of her heart.
The heart is a rare, unique treasure because it is strong and vulnerable at the same time. It is strong in its persistence to sustain life, yet it is vulnerable to both emotional and physical wounds.
Do you have a personal mantra? Mine comes from a childhood song. "Wherever I go the grass grows greener.
Sportsmanship isn't about criticizing the "ONE" who didn't win on "That ONE"day... it's about appreciating and supporting their hard work amidst failures!!!
No wrong in aiming or applauding the win but always agnize one's efforts.
If it was the last sunset i will ever see, I will keep running in the West, i won't let that sun to set
You have to actively listen to your clients and provide the service they're looking for!
You can't stop the wind, but you can learn to fly.
No matter where we come from, there is one language we can all speak and understand from birth, the language of the heart, love.
Those who win never quit.Those who quit never win.
There is nothing so eloquent as a thing well done.
Anxiety is stemmed from worrying about the past and worrying about the future!
Death, like so much in life, is a lesson, which must be understood and cherished, not feared; it is a rite of passage we all must encounter at one time or another; it helps build our character and makes us stronger if we can endure its painful aftermath.
We shouldn't live in a world where we live in constant terror. We need less dying and more living. We need less destroying and more building. We need less hate and more love.
Dreams are like puzzles. When all the pieces are missing, it is up to us to find them and decide where and how they fit in.
Sometimes when you are low, you may feel that that there is darkness all around. In such moments, look at a faraway star. Its light seems to be less.very less. However, light is still there. Just because it is far, its light is not visible to the naked eye. You also have a lot of light and energy like that star. Harness it properly and see the effects!
Going through life regretting your past decisions is like being a repeat offender in jail. You never break free because you won't allow your mentality to move on".~Demia AveryThe Roadblock is You
When you begin to do what matters most to you, you let go of preconceived notions of who you are which have been fostered by others and start creating the person you most want to be.
To overcome the sadness of our hearts, we must remember the joys of our lives.
When people tell you that you aren't something or you can't accomplish your dreams, you can either cry about it or prove them wrong.
Don't try to worry about the things that could've happen. Just wonder about the things that can still happen and fight for them. Because anything worth fighting for will happen in time.
Grab every chance given and do not throw it away; always cherish what you already have, for you never know when you will receive something of its likeness again; and if you lose what was most precious to you, never stop fighting for it until you have it once again in your possession.
My strength is my pride. My pride is my heart. And my heart will always be mine and mine alone.
We always want to hold on tight to those we love; but if we intend to keep those we love, we must let go every once in awhile.
Our past is what molds us into the person we are today. It does not define us.
Let your innocence show as brilliant as your dreams because only then can you discover the true beauty of love.
Leave mystery in your life. Give them a little and keep them wondering. If you reveal everything about yourself, people will lose interest. For as humans, we are curious creatures. We are more interested in the things lurking in the shadows than the things that are brought into the light.
To know the truth of one's heart, trusting their words is not always the wisest thing because words can be used to deceive you. To truly know the truth which lies deep in one's heart, you only have to look into their eyes. For even though the mouth may speak lies to hide the truth, the eyes will always reveal what the mouth tries to hide.
It has been passed down in many texts of old and by the word of mouth; that no matter the strength of the weapons of man, there is only one thing powerful enough to defeat them all... The power of love.
There is no failure, unless we fail to begin or we fail to continue.
What you do is your choice. You can make good or bad choices, but there will never be any right or wrong to who you are.
Love, it is timeless. It can transcend the very limits of time and space, as long as it stays forever true in our hearts.
Sometimes we need to just brush away our pride, break down the walls around our hearts, and open up to those we truly care for.
Beauty is great... But love is greater. With it, you can overcome anything fate throws at you.
Sometimes you just have to find the majesty in yourself and other things to truly appreciate life.
We need to find the light within ourselves, so we can see our true worth.
Brilliance some are born with it, but others create it over time. It lightens the foulest of hearts and pierces the darkest of nights to lead us on the right path of our future destinies.
Ballet shoes... I cannot play with them like they're toys. But when the music is playing they get deep on my toes.
If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Your values create your internal compass that can navigate how you make decisions in your life. If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Do not strive to be perfect. Strive to be perfectly imperfect.
Let the beauty radiate from inside your heart to the outside world.
Our hearts may be strong and resilient against the trials of life, but they become weak and fragile against the trials of love.
Don't only learn from the rich and successful men, also learn from the poor and those that failed woefully, for in their failures lies the secret of success as well.
Don't cheat the foundation of a house because you want to save for the roofing for at the end, you will have only roofed rubbles.
Never forget a man who weathered and rescued you from the storm just because you can see the shores.
Don't sell the warmer for an air conditioner just because its summer, for in winter, you will have to do the reverse.
Kiss away the past as you head towards the future.
Beauty is what you make of it. It is undefined and limitless.
True beauty happens when two worlds collide and become one.
Free yourself, unwind, unravel. There's no right or wrong way, just experience. Learning, understanding.
You have the power to motivate and inspire. Let your enthusiasm shine through
Reflect onto the world what you want them to see. Let your heart help them figure out the rest of who you truly are.
The things I do are known to the world, but why I do them is my secret alone.
Dare to be more than ordinary... Dare to be extraordinary.
Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the decisions you make and actions you take today.
Those who talk more about others' wrongs are actually Perilous, Be Careful.
Secrets are a part of life. Their mysteries make our world beautiful. Their depths inspire our hearts, intrigue our minds, and embrace our very souls.
Don't complain about difficult situations. They contain in them the motivation to succeed.
Everyday I'm inspired to inspire others.
Those who say - I need Motivation will never create Inspiration that will take them to their Destination.-RVM
If you are going to write a book,Make sure it is going to be worth reading .
You don't have to be in a boxing ring to be a great fighter. As long as you are true to yourself, you will succeed in your fight for that in which you believe.
Moving on is not about forgetting. It's about moving forward and never looking back.
Wisdom is knowing the right thing to do and doing it at the right time to get the desired result. It is also the correct application of knowledge.
Hope may seem frail. But in the face of adversity, hope can be our strongest ally.
Moving is not about forgetting. It's about moving forward and never looking back.
Record what you can, pursue your passions, connect with the world, fight the good fight, defy evil, shine incandescently as best you can. And it doesn't matter what field it's in but, it does matter that we leave something that accumulates over time.
There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward.
You cannot occupy a proper place on earth without wisdom. It is the principal thing you must have.
Every crisis is a wisdom crisis. If you have no peace around you then you lack wisdom.
Your schedule predicts your miracle or not!
You can either follow your dreams or adjust with your society's expectations... Either way, consequences are uncertain... the path to glory or the boulevard of mediocrity, both lead to the grave... Choose what's worthwhile, for the end is the same.
What kind of impression are you leaving on people? Activate the ability for your first impression and last impression!
You cannot have a dream and expect someone else's faith to make it a reality for you. Habakuk 2:4
The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom.
A man with wisdom will always have a solution no matter how big his challenges may be. Wisdom makes you a problem solver.
There are too many stars in the sky and none of them is overshadowing the other. Don't let anybody be a threat to your growth.
School does not make people, it is learning that makes people great, that is why you see first class students fail and poor. The world is not ruled by those who went to school, it is ruled by those who learn everyday.
Wisdom is the mother of solutions. You cannot upgrade in wisdom and lack solutions and you cannot have a wisdom and be stranded in any challenge you face.
If want to become a person with vision, get back and reconnect to your source.
Even with fasting and prayers you still need wisdom. At the root of every great accomplishment is wisdom. In all your getting get wisdom first.
I am the most important person to me. I am the most important person in the entire universe to me. I am the centre of my own universe.
People would want to get safe and come to Christ because they see the evidence in your life not because you quote the scriptures to them.
There's supposed to be more value in your life than spending more than sixty hours in a week in a place you don't care about and in an environment they don't care about you.
If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future.
Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future
If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable. Hosea 4:6
Blind minds are worst than blind eyes. That you have eyes does not mean that you have vision. Visionaries do not look they see whlie people look.
The world is full of problems and I bet you the problems will continue to exist but what will make you relevant to the world is when you have answers to the questions the world asks. You can only be useful when you have the answers to the questions of the world. The best way you provide solutions and answers to those challenges is through wisdom.
People with vision sees opportunity where there is problem. They see money not problem.
I think it will be better if we can live our life as if Christ is going to return today and plan our live as if it is hundred years off. Keep living, serving and most of all be prepared.
Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications.
The devil comes to steal, kill and destroy and his followers do the same. Be watchful and keep that in mind.
When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man.
I love being high. High on Life, High on Love, High on Hope, and High on Faith.
When we can see the star of desire in our sky, we can use our wings of hope and our air of love to reach it.
There are so many things that we learn in our lives most of which we can't learn without seeing the hearts of others.
Living on Faith.Striving on Desire. Flying on Hope.
Don't try to reach perfection. Just try to reach an inner and outer realization of self.
To dream is to desire, to desire is to long for, to long for is to want, and to want you must work to attain all you dream of, desire, long for and want.
People will let you down in this business every single day. I think you'll be let down and disappointed more than you'll be accepted and excited. But you need to find ways to keep yourself inspired. This is mine. What's yours?
Speak positive affirmations into fruition. For instance, if you feel frustrated or anxious, you can say, I am calm, and I can work through my situation to arrive at a positive outcome, or I am at peace with all things in my life, and success finds me easily.
Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think.
I have the mind of Christ. The best life you could ever live is the one that your creator destined you for. The one He made you for. He has given us everything we need ......... to become like Him. To reach to your potentials. Worship Him in spirit and in truth.
We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you.
Get excited about life!
Rebuilding is something that is practically difficult than starting over from nothing.
The more we surrender to what cannot be, the better we control what can be.
The only thing that prevents us from being happy is thinking.
Motivating others leads to success whereas inspiring others leads to greatness.
Your attitude will either make or break you, we cannot change fate and the tragedies that enter our lives but we can choose how we want them to change us.
You think I'm giving up. I'm not. I'm giving in.
Allow yourself the Freedom to Fail before you see Success Sail!-RVM
Don't measure how far still you've got to go, but how far you've already gone to get to the point where you are now.
Music does not need language of words for it has movements of dance to do its translation.
When the melody plays, footsteps move, heart sings and spirit begin to dance.
World seems like a void of silence every time footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.
Dance resides within us all. Some find it when joy conquers sorrow, others express it through celebration of movements; and then there are those... whose existence is dance,
To go somewhere, start going.
Don't live a dull boring life. Spice it up. Have u realized that you wont live forever.-RVM
People would say - to break free, to soar, and sadly, to chop your wings too. The moment you listen to them, you voluntarily put yourself in a cage. Be a free soul - fly or fall on your own terms.
Pat yourself on the back when you win.And when you don't, just keep moving!So long as you don't stop moving,Soon you may realize just how close you are to winning!
Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves.
Sometimes you can't walk your dream journey. Find a way!
When you dive into your past, remember to go back up quickly.
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.
Blood, sweat and respect. The first two you give, the last one you get.
Every human life bears a significant importance to the existence of humanity
Success doesn't come from motivation. It comes from Inspiration. -RVM
I don't imagine book elitists as my audience when writing. I dream about teachers, morticians and garbage men instead.
Your Presentation is Your Capability.
How much you achieve in Life is not as important as how much you enjoy each moment of Life.-RVM
No one creates a perfect resume on their first try.
[WASHINGTON]It's alright, you want to fight, you've got a hungerI was just like you when I was youngerHead full of fantasies of dyin' like a martyr?[HAMILTON]Yes[WASHINGTON]Dying is easy, young man. Living is harder
Your life looks like a prison because you focus on the things you wish you had and thus don't appreciate what you already have.So why don't you try to see the abundance in your life? Because, if you haven't noticed, you've got many things to thank for. Just look around.
If only you knew how beautiful you are unconditionally. Don't you know it's enough if all you do is breathe?
I don't believe in the word " incurable " I believe to find a cure we need to deconstruct the cause.
Sometimes great achievements arrive much later than we expect, but they arrive, and they are great.
Never settle up for something that is lesser than what you expected.
Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.
Life Begins at the end of your comfort zone.
If you want something bad enough, then do something about it!
Shine as if you are the brightest star.
It is not the presence of despair that ails you, but the absence of hope.
I have to hurt other people in order to get what I want, I don't have a choice but to. In life, you gotta do the right things for the wrong reasons. Or the wrong things for the right reasons.
Believe in yourself and start achieving your dream. It waits for you on the other side of the publish button.
Always have class but always kick ass.
If you want to achieve, identify your passion. Ultimately your passion and the vision makes your destiny
Only big goals will provide you with the motivational fuel. This is the fuel required to get over all those obstacles and temporary failures. This is the reason why you wake up and look forward to the day ahead.
You can be whoever you want to be. Sometimes all it takes is a little inspiration and effort.
Children are like sponges and all they really want to do is latch on to someone that inspires them to learn.
The greatest task for any person is to find meaning in his or her life. Frankl saw three possible sources for meaning: in work (doing something significant), in love (caring for another person), and in courage during difficult times. Suffering in and of itself is meaningless; we give our suffering meaning by the way in which we respond to it.
Don't aim at success-the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself.
Read. Learn. Write. Travel.
Frankl approvingly quotes the words of Nietzsche: "He who has a Why to live for can bear almost any How.
Pure mind.Pure body.Pure spirit.
All that a child needs is great love.
Seek spirituality of thy soul.
Every morning, look in the mirror. You are beautiful and wonderful.
Don't waste your energy & time on things you cannot change, instead pray & change your luck.
Keep your calmness at all times.
Never lose your temper.
Great journey, great joy.
Leadership is built on inspirations. Inspiration does both the theoretical and the practical job. By inspiration, people are not only informed to know what is right. But they are also convinced to always do what's right.
Dreams are sacred future events.
Take my handand.feel the sandbeneath your aimless feettowards the sparkling waves
Leaders don't step on toes of dwarfs. They mount shoulders of giants.
Don't be afraid of challenges. Let them take you somewhere new.
~In motivating people, YOU've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved~
The two things that truly belong to ourselves are our thoughts and actions.
Get out of your own way... What we call 'lack of willpower' is actually just losing an argument with an outdated version of yourself.
Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start the day for you. Have some at lunchtime and again at dinner too. It will energise and sustain you - the whole day through. But it will also leave you room, power and the thirst to do what you need to do and contribute.
Moving islands in the ocean of sky.Beautiful white curtains in the sky,Veiling and unveiling portions, as time passes by.I watch clouds, when my mind feels clouded.
If all work and no play makes you dull,Then you're on the wrong job.
Nothing holds back human progress as frequently as the misbelief that the words 'impossible' and 'improbable' are synonyms.
Three essential virtues are patient, loyalty and kindness.
She had a wild, wandering soul but when she loved, she loved with chaos and that made all the difference.
Even if there is no connection.Even if you are far from reach.Even if friendship is not enough.Even if love itself is not enough.What about apathy?I need you.
Stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo, love is just a quote and lying is the new truth.
Love is always win-win.
If we learn to love someone for their imperfections that reflect our own, we eventually appreciate the thought that even the most beautiful things are damaged
Fall in love with the heart before the face.
Maybe that was what being together with someone really meant. It meant seeing past the idealization you had of them, embracing their flaws and fears, helping them to overcome them, waiting for them if they were not ready. Maybe being in love didn't mean finding the perfect person, it meant it was worth sticking with an imperfect one.
When all seems dark and there is no light,Hope is the candle that always burns bright.
Divorce fear. Court courage. Pursue hope. Marry love.
Love has turned many into poets; pain has turned many into artists; charity has turned many into pacifists, and anger has turned many into activists.
There is nothing more magical than love. Nothing.
To change your life, love yourself. To change your community, love others. To change the world, love everyone.
For me I see the world as one big nation, where everyone in it is a citizen, so it is our responsibility to make it better.
Anger is loud, rage is deafening, and wrath is thunderous; only love can silence them.
Lips may lie, but the heart always tells the truth.
As long as you have at least one thing anchoring you, you can't get too lost.
Regard those who respect you.Esteem those who honor you.Cherish those who love you.Reward those who adore you.
Two married partners do not just live with each other, they live in each other, neurologically speaking.
When two people fall in love, they not only give up their genuine authority over their own lives, but also, they become mutual authorities of the collective life that they build together.
Do not seek for the best partner, but seek for the person who makes you a better version of yourself.
A healthy world is made of healthy nations. A healthy nation is made of healthy families. And a healthy family can only be raised on the foundation of a monogamous relationship.
A healthy marriage acts as the vessel of wellbeing and stability for both partners as well as the children.
Cheating is an innate evolutionarily programmed desire, especially in men, but it is not a desire that cannot be controlled.
People love you and value you by,how good you are? And not by,how good you look.
A human is the one, who would give up a thousand Cleopatras to be with the person he or she loves.
Cheating in relationship is a sign of self-regulation failure. When it happens ones, it is a mistake. When it happens twice, it is unfortunate. But when it happens thrice or more, it is a pattern indicating primitive, uncivilized inhuman behavior.
Try to respond to your partner instead of reacting.
Marriage is not a competition. Marriage is completion of two souls.
True love is born out of the pyre of two committed souls.
Monogamy is not a choice, it is a responsibility of a genuine human.
Either one is promiscuous or in a relationship - it cannot be both at the same time.
Sex is only a tool in love, not love itself.
Polygamy is about sex, whereas monogamy is about love.
Polygamy is a luxury of the cave-people, and monogamy is an existential responsibility of the civilized society.
And like that, the decades disappeared and the memory of that night came to life again. The way John had known it would. He didn't fight it, didn't work to stay in the here and now. If he was going to go back, then he wanted to relive it. All of it.
Pray for faith, hope for peace, strive for unity, and persevere for harmony.
Love is loud; the soul hears it, even if the universe is deaf.
For a long while she only looked at him ... as if she didn't want to interrupt the beautiful moment with words.
Seeing old photographs, we get enamored by the memories we made which will keep tugging at our heart-strings forever and ever...
Love is not the primeval surge of libidinal lust that a person receives when meeting a suitable partner for the first time. Love in the truest sense of the term is born much later in a relationship, when both sides get to the know the truest selves of each other.
Truth is straight like a line. Virtue is firm like a wall. Wisdom is tall like a mountain. Love is wide like an ocean.
I think I need to take frequent breaks from kissing your body to return to your lips, kissing you feels so good.
I'd take off your clothes, fast enough to not give you time to reconsider, but gently, while kissing your lips.
The paths carved by the divine carpenter into her palms are actually treasure maps showing the way to heaven.
Her neck - a swan's neck, gracious and gentle, her breasts - two mountainous guardians over the valley of her generous heart.
You can give life and take it away just as easily. You're my blessing and my curse.
Her laughter was my favorite symphony.
Affirm yourself every day (especially after every setback) because no one else will do it for you.
Thy eyes hold countless stars yet to be discovered.
Develop a vocabulary of uplifting and empowering words for times of uncertainty and upheaval.
Focus on the future and the outcomes you want, not your present setbacks or failures.
Loosing is part of winning. You will have to walk through the shadow of failure to get to he winning side.
Your beliefs frame your thoughts and actions. If you change your beliefs, you change your reality.
You can change your perspective on any experience by given it a positive and empowering meaning.
Through reframing, you can eliminate all limiting experiences from your life.
The outcomes in your life will depend on the quality of the frames you use to evaluate the events, the choices you make, and your decision not to be affected negatively by any events that occur.
It's not what happens, it's what you do that makes the difference to how things turn out. Change your perspective in the way that serves you best.
Focus is central to everything you do, and where your focus goes, energy flows
Focus means exercising the self-discipline required to keep your time, energy and attention directed towards the outcomes you have chosen whilst avoiding all distractions - good or bad.
The path to success lies in finding something you have a passion for, care deeply about, and are willing to apply all of your energy and focus to.
Success rarely occurs until a desire is turned into a passion and all focus and energy is channelled in its path.
There are many good things in the world, but not all of them benefit you. Focus keeps you on the path of what is right and away from other options.
To succeed, you have to say 'no' more often than you say 'yes'. This is easier when you have a definite purpose or clarity on the desired outcome.
All worthwhile endeavours begin in your thoughts, and focusing your thoughts appropriately will increase your chances of success.
If you can stay focused on your most important goal, you can become incredibly successful, but to stay focused you must intentionally create and maintain an environment, atmosphere, and culture that keeps you focused.
When we think of success, we often associate those who are successful with the things they do rather than the things they don't, and focus is found in the latter.
To develop stronger focus, develop a greater reason or meaning for your goal.
You will fall short of achieving your goals if your focus is fragmented and your attention, energy, and concentration diversified.
Every day comes with a host of opportunities but also distractions. You need to develop good judgement in the decisions and choices you make.
Focus comes from a promise of the future, and therefore the strength and longevity of your focus will seldom exceed the strength of your purpose, vision, dreams or goal.
Failure results from broken focus, and an average person with complete unwavering focus can achieve more than a team of geniuses with broken focus.
What you see and what you focus on has a profound impact on your behaviour.
Focus determines your feelings, which in turn influence your behaviour, actions and your destiny.
Focus is where you fail or succeed.
Focus is not a state of single-mindedly pursuing one goal or objective without getting distracted. Rather, it's a commitment to exert all concentration and effort through constant adjustment like the lens of the human eye on a vision or purpose
Failure is a snapshot of the present and never an indication of the final outcome or destination.
Fail faster, but (more importantly) fail intelligently.
In times of difficulty, take time out and seek support and encouragement.
What you say to yourself after a failed experience or setback is as important as what you say when you succeed.
You should be your best critic and coach.
We don't fall in love with someone. We discover love in someone!
Invested wisely, time produces a good return. Invested poorly, it has little or no value and is therefore wasted.
Your thoughts create your reality and you can chose the quality and the type of reality you experience every day by guarding your mind and only allowing the right input.
Time is the first currency for success and one we all hold in common
Regardless of your gender, age, race, disability, colour, ethnic or national origin, how you use time each day decides who you become.
Time is life. To manage time you simply have to manage yourself.
Treat time and money as though they are the same by using both resourcefully.
Although time is equally possessed by everyone, it is valued and used differently by the successful.
If you don't understand the concept of time or appreciate its value, it's almost impossible to be successful.
Always look into the future when deciding how to use your time in the present.
Spend your time today on things that will create more or save you time in the future.
The effective use of time is the best-kept secret of those who have created a successful life and continue to experience it every day
The value of time lies in its brevity. To use it effectively, you must know its value.
You can do this by disciplining yourself to be selective in what you read, see, hear, say to yourself and the influence of others.
You can leverage time by using it wisely and purposefully.
Your understanding and use of time decides the life you will have in the future.
The effective use of time is the best-kept secret of those who have created a successful life and continue to experience it every day.
The value of something is not only decided by the price you are willing to pay for it. It is also influenced by its rarity.
Circumstances, events or situations do not have inherent meanings except what you give them.
Your perspective determines your experiences, attitude and the quality of your life.
When your focus is too narrow you can miss the big picture.
Change your perspective and you can change your life.
A problem is an opportunity viewed from a positive perspective.
Your perspective changes relative to the frame through which you see things.
The meaning of everything that occurs in your life is decided by the frame you put around it.
You can choose the quality and the type of reality you experience every day through your focus. What you focus on, you feel.
Circumstances, events or situations have no power except that which you give them.
The essence of life is to become all that you can be and manifest the greatness that lies within
Becoming your best self should be your ultimate goal, and wisdom helps you discover your true self and can guide you towards manifesting your potential.
Invest in yourself, because you will only ever achieve the level of success that matches your level of wisdom.
Investing in your personal development requires time, energy, and money, but the investment provides a great return.
Investments are about the return they provide in increased opportunities, prosperity, health, wealth, happiness, joy, and success.
Wisdom is made complete with knowledge, understanding and good judgement.
You have the paintbrush in your hand, you can make the picture of your life brighter and bigger or duller and darker, it's up to you.
Your mind is your most important asset because it creates everything you have in life.
Buy wisdom no matter the price.
What is your life and future worth? Ask yourself this question daily and your life will be enriched beyond measure.
There is a cause/effect relationship between your investment in yourself and the future you have.
For long-term success, invest 5-10% of your time each day and 5-10% of your income each month in increasing your wisdom.
Like soil, the quality of your mind decides the quality and quantity of ideas your mind can produce.
Review how you spend your money and time across all areas of your life, and judge for yourself whether your investment in your mind is right for the future you want.
Invest in books that will help you become the person you were born to be and do what you should do.
Wisdom isn't expensive, but ignorance is.
Wisdom comes at a price. But the price you have to pay shouldn't guide your decision to invest - the expected return should.
To gain wisdom you must be willing to invest time, energy, and money in your personal development.
Feed your mind with thoughts that inspire, motivate, encourage, empower, educate and instruct you by deliberately choosing the information you allow into your world through sight, sound and people.
Positive thoughts are the birthing ground for making your dreams, goals, and desires come true.
Change in thinking + shift in perspective = change in your life
Everything starts as a thought. Whether you feel happy or sad, calm or anxious, content or unfulfilled is a function of your thoughts.
You can't always control your external environment, but you can manage your micro environment by intentionally choosing what you allow to influence you - by sight, sound, and presence.
You don't have to allow the drama and events of the economy, others people's lives, and external circumstances to limit your potential and rob you of the life you deserve.
You have absolute control over your thoughts, and guarding your mind is a choice.
Renew your mind by flooding it with inspiring, empowering, educational and edifying thoughts and words.
You have a shot at success if you can discipline yourself to eliminate the limiting thoughts from within and the disempowering words from without.
Discipline yourself to shut the door of your mind on people, events, or things that pull you down, drain your mental or emotional energy, and try to rob you of your promise of the future.
Your external world is a mirror of your internal world, and if you can discipline yourself to change your thoughts, your external world will change.
There's no secret to success, but if there were one, it would be that your decisions create your success or lack of it and the quality of your decisions will determine the quality of your life.
If you had all the time in the world but your knowledge, wisdom and understanding remained unchanged, your life would remain the same.
Indecision is a decision not to use life's first gift to you - the power of choice.
The quality of your life is a direct reflection of the quality of the decisions you make each day.
There are no victims in life, we are all volunteers. Our decisions create our experiences.
Time doesn't create change. The changes in your life will be in proportion to the decisions you make.
The best decisions are often those made from the creative part of your mind and not the emotional part of your heart.
Give yourself permission to dream, to choose, to decide.
Avoid making important or long-term decisions when you are fatigued mentally, emotionally or physically.
Time does not create changes, wisdom does. Your wisdom decides the quality of your decisions.
Most of us make decisions without thinking about their impact on our future.
Your decisions are influenced by your beliefs, philosophy, wisdom, environment, relationships, goals or dreams and state of mind.
The quality of your decisions can only be improved if you improve all these factors.
Decisions create success, and the quality of your decisions will determine the quality of your life.
Making good decisions is a skill anyone can develop with effort.
Personal experience is the slowest way of learning. Combine your personal experience with other people's experiences.
Your wisdom decides the quality of your decisions.
Take control of your life and future and become the master of your destiny by making one good decision at a time.
Your life is a picture of the decisions and choices you have made in the past, and your future depends on the quality of the decisions you make today and tomorrow.
One thing guaranteed in life is that you'll experience twists and turns, obstacles, roadblocks, and battles.
The key to triumph is the art of choosing your battles - staying focused on your vision and avoiding distraction.
You have to master the art of selectivity in everything you do. Otherwise, you could be side-tracked by secondary events and opportunities.
All battles are not created equal; a few offer good rewards and are worthy of your attention but most are a waste of your time, energy and focus.
Get your ego in check and half your battles in life will disappear.
If you can manage your thoughts and mind, and choose your battles wisely, you can manage your life.
The reward for all battles should always be greater than the sacrifice you have to make.
Some things are not worth fighting for and some are worth dying for, Wisdom helps you understand which are which.
Never go into battle for your ego, Learn to battle for something much greater.
Be unconventional when you face a battle. Change the rules of engagement to your benefit.
Planning your day before it begins, and adjusting your plan through the day, is one of the most important daily habits.
Rather than wait to see what the day or future holds, why not design and plan the future you want to experience?
Planning is deciding your destination and setting your sail so you achieve the outcomes and arrive at your intended destination in the shortest possible time.
Planning provides certainty.
By bringing the future into the present, you can do something about it usually before it gets too late.
Never start a day or activity without a plan. Learn to plan your work, and then work your plan.
The difference in the quality of life between people can be found in the quality of the questions they ask themselves
Questions control how you think, and thinking is the root contributor to the results and outcomes of your life
Ask empowering questions daily so your mind can focus on new possibilities and solutions instead of problems.
It isn't what you don't know that's the problem. It is what you're unwilling to ask.
Your life is a reflection of the quality of the questions you ask yourself and others.
The answers to all problems or issues is hidden in a question.
Thinking is simply an orderly process of asking yourself questions.
Your experiences are often in proportion to the questions you ask.
Those who succeed in life are those who are unashamed to ask silly questions.
Humility makes you reach out to others for guidance.
Asking questions is an essential daily habit, because your experiences are often in proportion to the questions you ask.
Take the time every day to teach and train yourself how to ask empowering questions. Those who ask the right questions change the world.
How you choose to live is one of the best indicators of the future you will have.
Like the rudder or anchor on a ship, your habits can guide you in the direction of your dreams or hold you back and keep you from achieving them.
Decide on the future you want to experience, then find out the habits that will produce it and practice them daily.
Routines and daily habits aren't restrictive. They provide structure, direction, and opportunities for spontaneity.
What you do daily decides your destiny and (more importantly) your legacy.
Your habits can guide you in the direction of your dreams or hold you back from achieving them. Look closely at your daily habits and you can predict your future with accuracy.
Your daily habit is one of the most important predictors of the quality of your life.
Habits decide who you become permanently, what you do daily and what you have always.
The key to your success or failure lies in your daily habits.
You must commit to a lifestyle of constant and continuous never ending improvement of your daily habits, because it's one of the most important predictors of your success and the quality of your life.
Sometimes it's best to stop searching for your passion. Instead, follow your curiosity and see where it leads.
An unpleasant experience will often reveal your passion.
To truly live a passionate life, develop habits and routines that engage you and enable you to express your passion each day.
Be passionate about creating a life that is exciting and fun, one that will help you reach your ultimate potential.
You will find success when your passion becomes your magnificent obsession.
You can do anything if you can combine your passion with focus, effort and persistence.
Passion is simply energy, and we all have energy within us which implies you already have all the passion you need within you.
You don't need to go searching for your passion outside; you simply need to look within, rekindle it and let your light shine.
Success is a product of inspiration, and if you can keep yourself inspired you can achieve any dream or goal
The most important thing you can do for yourself each day is to create (in and around you) an environment that keeps you constantly inspired because when you're inspired, there is absolutely nothing you cannot do.
Surround yourself with things that inspire you every day. Let go of everything that drains your inspiration.
When you are inspired, there is little you won't attempt. Find what inspires you, and keep it around and with you always.
Your dreams are the golden gate to a life of inspiration. The more you allow yourself to dream of your ideal future, the stronger your inspiration.
Learn to draw strength and inspiration from your past victories by keeping a victory journal where you capture all of your success experiences.
Inspiration is deeply personal. It's your responsibility and no one else's to inspire yourself.
Inspiration is a lifestyle that must be practised continuously and is one that is never completely mastered.
Inspiration does not come genetically or automatically. Neither is it continuously present.
It's your responsibility and no one else's to keep yourself inspired.
Study yourself and develop your personal inspiration routine, applying it to your life every day to help you create the extraordinary life you deserve.
Search constantly for people, places, things, pictures, sounds, or scents that inspire you. Your most important responsibility is to keep yourself inspired always.
Rather than wait to see what the day or future holds, why not design and create it?
Success starts with a good plan. To have it, you have to plan it.
Your ability to support your plans with a great strategy is the master skill for success.
Planning your life creates within you a feeling of control which produces self-confidence, self-responsibility and self-assurance.
Without a good plan, you might fall short of reaching your dreams and goals.
Planning is the process of identifying how best to use your resources to achieve your outcomes.
Planning gives you the opportunity to identify the tasks that will add the most value to attaining your outcomes.
Planning eliminates urgency by allowing you to bring your future into the present.
The highest return on your investment of your time and energy comes from planning in advance.
Never start the day until you already have it designed, finished and documented.
You already have great gifts, talents and abilities, but you must find the environment where your potential can be developed and maximised
In the wrong environment your weakness is evident, but in the right environment, you function from a place of strength.
Purpose is the reason something is designed, made, created, or exists.
You were born for a purpose and a special reason.Your purpose identifies your passion, your potential, the source of your fulfilment in life, and ultimately your success
The discovery of your life's purpose is your ultimate pathway to an extraordinary life. You were born an original, so quit conforming to the expectations of others.
Your purpose distinguishes you from others; not your talent, IQ, race, job, hobbies, or gender, as these are held in common with many others.
Each day should be founded on a purpose and work in harmony with the core reason for your life.
Your purpose is the gateway to your success; it identifies your gift and reveals your passion, potential, ability and ultimately what you will excel in.
Success should not only be measured by what you get but by the stewardship of your duty.
You were born for a reason and with a specific purpose in mind. You don't choose it, you discover it.
Your purpose lies where your passion, wisdom and gifts meet and complement each other.
The greatest of tragedies is a life lived without knowing its purpose. Discover your purpose and life will take on a new meaning.
You don't choose your purpose, you simply discover it.
Your life is defined by how you spend your time and what you choose to do daily, so a life of passion is not an act but a habit.
The best way to truly live a consistent life of passion is to formulate daily habits and a daily routine that engages you and makes you feel more passionate about life
You truly live not by living longer or by having all your desires and needs met. You truly live when you live well and when you live passionately. Every new day is an opportunity to live your passion.
A life of passion is not an act or a habit but a lifestyle.
Passion is the feeling of excitement, energy and enthusiasm you feel towards something or someone you care about.
Discover where and what makes you come alive and make a deliberate decision to live there.
Passion is an intense feeling of conviction and a strong desire or devotion to an activity or concept.
Passion ignites your innate desire to create, produce, give and grow.
Those who can confidently say they are living a life of passion are creating and contributing towardsmaking this world a better place.
Passion is finding something you're unwilling to live without.
Money, fame and personal possessions should never be your metric for measuring your passion.
Our lives are defined by how we spend our time and what we choose to do daily. A life of passion is not an act but a lifestyle.
Develop the daily habit of visualisation and dreaming by consciously seeing a better and brighter future through your mind's eye.
Until you can see it in your mind, you will not see it with your eyes. Vision precedes sight.
Through dreams, your ideas and ideals are brought to reality, so learn to dream of the future you wish to experience.
Reading develops your imagination and ability to dream. Feed your mind with the right books.
Whatever happens in your life, make a promise to yourself that you will never give up your ability to dream.
Without dreams, the future will remain mediocre. Stay inspired though your dreams.
If your dream is accepted by all, you don't have a big enough dream. Big dreams challenge the status quo.
Stay inspired by feeding your mind with positive, healthy, mental food through reading or listening to good inspirational, motivational, and educational material.
Dreams are maps to the future.
To live a successful life and make a difference in the world, you must continue to dream.
The world belongs to dreamers.
Turn on your dream machine and let your imagination do what it does best - create.
Be careful who you share your dreams with whilst they are still in the creation stage. Doubt kills dreams.
Whatever success you have had, whatever victories you have experienced, whatever you have done so far in your life is only a fraction of the potential within you
Your true potential is unlimited, and you can certainly achieve much more than human intelligence can comprehend.
Success comes from closing the gap between who you are today and your ultimate potential.
Your potential is hidden in what you are yet to do, not what you have already done.
There is an angel within you waiting to be released.
Potential means nothing unless you're willing to do something with it.
Effort will always triumph over unapplied potential.
See yourself through your mind's eye being who you want to be, having what you want to have, and doing what you want to do.
Love gives you knees to crawl, feet to run, legs to sprint, and wings to soar.
Being blinded in love and friendship is a common mistake.
If you want to be happy now, love now; if you want to be happy later, love later; but if you want to be happy always, love always.
Dreams create hope, energy and passion and together reveal your hidden abilities and untapped potential
Dream like a child with complete faith and no limits. This is the only way the greatness within you can be awakened.
Dream until you can no longer tell the difference between your dreams and reality.
Don't waste your life on small dreams. Give yourself permission to dream big.
Dreams and visions are important not only because of the energy and passion they generate but also because of their ability to create hope.
Turn you dream machine on and create the world you wish to experience through your imagination.
Live each day like it's your best.
Start every day by making a list of all the experiences you will fill your day with and make an effort to achieve them.
Make the world a better place by resolving to do something good for someone different every day.
Every day you leave a legacy behind, so make it a good one by doing something of significance.
Words are life. They can tear down or build up, so use them wisely.
You are the actor, director, producer, and scriptwriter of the play called 'Your Life' and you can change the play anytime.
Every day is an opportunity to create good memories for yourself and others.
Your past success and victories, small or large, can renew your resolve to persevere if you are willing to lean on them.
To live each day like it is your best, give your best, laugh your best, love your best and be the best you can be.
How you receive and respond to moments determines the quality of your life.
Start every day by making a list of all the experiences you will fill your day with and make an effort.
Life is beautiful but it's also brief. It doesn't matter how long you live. What matters is how well you live.
You live like it is your best when you live on purpose.
When you find a way to serve, the angel in you awakens.
Become more skilful in how you use words - towards yourself or others.
The efforts of tracking small achievements every day creates a record of your progress. Do this consistently and it will serve you well.
Each daily improvement should have a means by which it can be measured so you can see and feel yourself growing
Don't always try to make big improvements - sometimes small incremental daily improvements are all you need.
A day is a collection of moments in the same way that life is a collection of experiences.
There is a science to living well and art to experiencing the good life, and it begins with wisdom.
Celebration is capturing and acknowledging the important moments in life through your words, actions and reactions.
Don't celebrate your day because you get everything you want. Celebrate your day because you love and appreciate what you already have - the little things, the big things, the things that have come and gone, but most importantly those things yet to come.
Success is the joy found in the experiences unveiled in the pursuit and progressive realisation of a desired goal or dream.
The success equation is complete only when achievement, fulfilment and lifestyle are present.
Your success is hidden in the quality of your decisions and the consistency of your actions.
Success is your birthright. Don't settle for less.
If you want to succeed, make it a study first then practice it and finally live it daily.
Success is subjective, so define it for yourself. Don't allow your life efforts to be dictated and judged according to other people's standards.
To take the island, cut all sources of retreat. Burn your boats and go all in.
We are all actors in life. Some act like they won't amount to much while others do the opposite. You have a choice
What does easy or hard have to do with anything? Excellence is your standard.
The future belongs to believers.
You don't have to be a miracle worker to make things happen - you just have to be a believer and a doer.
Focus on your potential not your pain.
Plan your work, then work your plan.
Success is evident from the joy you experience. Be willing to let go of anything that takes your joy away.
There're two ways to fail in life: Choosing not to try or quitting too soon. You were dumb enough to show up so you're left with one.
Be cautious when associating with those who have little or no value or appreciation for time.
Success is a result not an action.
Be unwilling to lose.
You were born with success in you and simply need to give it a pathway of expression.
Like any formula, success has parts and therefore it is expressed in three ways - achievement (a science), fulfilment (an art) and lifestyle (an act). All three have to be present for the formula to be complete.
Small wins and major victories are important because they encourage and inspire you to keep your faith and stay the course even when everything around you seems to be falling apart.
Remind yourself of how awesome you are by celebrating your experiences and moments.
Don't let your circumstances and the events in your life rob you of the joy of celebration.
Life is beautiful, so celebrate it like the gift that it is.
Find something during the day to celebrate - something you someone did, something you observed or something you heard.
Don't wait for others to celebrate you, learn to do it yourself.
Every day is worthy of celebration because every day is a present you receive by grace.
Life is supposed to be exciting, so journey through each day collecting moments and celebrating the right ones.
Wake up each morning celebrating. Navigate through your day with a celebratory attitude and end each day in celebration.
Each day should be a day of rejoicing. Give thanks and celebrate in all things
Learn to give thanks in all things - good or bad.
Gratitude isn't innate. It's a habit that has to be learned through practice.
Gratitude is an act that has to be expressed, not an attitude.
Gratitude is an indescribable quality in the lives of those living in abundance.
Those who live in gratitude start their day by setting their intentions and the direction they want to move in each day.
Gratitude is incomplete without the act of giving thanks.
If you learn to be grateful and celebrate each day, you have mastered the secret to living.
We all have to be taught how to be thankful and once learned, it has to be improved and practised daily.
Gratitude goes beyond saying 'thank you'. Feelings complete the blessing
If you got on your knees to give thanks for the undeserved kindness and mercy in your life, you would be shocked by how rich you truly are.
Gratitude must come from a place of true sincerity to be effective. Without sincerity, the experience is incomplete.
Appreciation is the secret behind increasing in any area
Without emotion, all thoughts or words are powerless.
Gratitude is arriving at the point where your expectations, accumulation and anticipations make way for appreciation, reflection and celebration.
By focusing your thoughts on the things you are thankful for, you attract more things to be grateful for into your life.
The best thing you can do for yourself if you wish to see your dreams become reality is to find success and replicate it.
It's no mystery, it isn't luck. Success is a result of your obedience to specific principles, rules and laws
your responsibility is simply to find how things work and those who are already successful then model their beliefs, behaviour, attitude, philosophies and actions and you'll get similar results
Never start your gratitude moment with an unthankful heart or out of necessity. Gratitude must be sincere.
Appreciation generates energy, like thankfulness creates increase.
Don't get hung up on trying to be perfect before you start or you may never begin.
If you got on your knees and counted all of the blessings, goodness, grace, favour and kindness in your life, you would find that you would exhaust the whole day and will still have more to share.
Hard work is the foundation of the abundant life, and sacrifice is needed to make it reality.
To be happy, you simply need to choose happiness and it comes from within not without.
Master the art of finding something to celebrate about in each moment and life will become an exciting adventure.
There isn't a single definition of happiness to suit everyone's requirements, but you know it when you feel it.
To be happy you need to take charge of your life by choosing to live in a beautiful state always because others might not have a plan for you.
Your life is lived in a day, so focus on living one good day by successfully designing, creating and living that good day and duplicating it.
If you want to live in abundance, work towards it one day at a time.
Ask questions. The secrets of life are hidden in questions, so ask wisely.
Life never gives you what you want or need just because you have a burning desire for it. Life gives you what you seek, knock, and ask for.
Life is like soil - it will always return a harvest. If you plant good seeds, you'll reap a bountiful harvest.
Open your mind to a new pattern of thinking and your life will drastically change for the better.
See each day as an investment in the future and be willing to do today what you wish to experience in the future.
Wake up so your dreams can become reality.
The abundant life doesn't happen by accident. It is the result of doing specific things purposefully every day and it requires an investment of time, energy and effort.
Life is not just the passing of time; it's also a collection of experiences from your past, present and future.
The roots of the abundant life may seem bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
To succeed in life you need five things - a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never-ending improvement.
Creating the abundant life is achieved first by vision not sight.
To put in the effort needed to create the life of your dreams, you first need to develop a burning desire.
Abundance is living the life you were born to experience.
Life is hidden in a day and a day is hidden in life.
Creating the good life is like following a recipe; specific ingredients are required to guarantee the promised results and each has to be carefully selected and added in the right quantity and sequence. If you get it right, the outcome is guaranteed. If you change or alter the ingredients, the outcome changes.
Don't live so casually that you fail to see how blessed you are.
Appreciation and gratitude show your true wealth emotionally, spiritually and psychologically.
Happiness and unhappiness are contagious.
Gratitude is the key to wealth and abundance, so learn to be grateful in all things.
The best way to start each day is with and in gratitude for the gift of life. You receive it by grace not by deeds.
Anyone can find the bad in any situation but it takes love to see the good in all things.
You are perfect, not tomorrow, not in the future, but today.
People will treat you unkindly at times. Forgive them always.
Focus on creating value by finding and solving problems for others.
Stop trying to understand people. Love them instead.
Much of your happiness and joy in life will come from your ability to get along with people -but more importantly your decision to walk in love every day.
The level of happiness you experience through your interactions depends on the quality of your walk in love.
Get rid of the judgmental mindset and adopt one of love and acceptance towards people - including yourself.
The most important expression of love is self-love - it should precede loving others.
Develop a sincere curiosity and fascination towards people and life will become an adventure.
Love is revealed progressively.
Happiness is an art. Choose your way of expressing it.
Anyone who constantly makes you unhappy belongs in someone else's world, not yours.
Increase your happiness and the joy you experience every day through humour and laughter.
Quit taking life so seriously. It isn't a test.
Find something about yourself to laugh about every day
The only way the greatness within you can be awakened is by allowing yourself to dream.
Happiness resides in your mind, brain, heart and tongue. Connect all four and you'll live in bliss.
You can't afford to leave your happiness to others. Create what you wish to experience.
Laughter is an essential ingredient of a happy life.
Surround yourself with people who put a smile on your face and make you laugh.
Humour, like any life skill, is learnable. If others can learn it, so can you.
Schedule happy experiences to displace unhappy memories.
Happiness and joy are both decisions and choices you must make every day.
Happiness is the decision to find something good in every situation.
Build your dreams through your imagination by looking into the future and considering all possibilities.
Big dreams are important because the awaken the giant that sleeps within you.
Everyone should have a place in your heart, but only a special few should have a place in your life.
Your presence only truly matters to people who feel your absence.
Marry your friend, and you will be reasonably happy. Marry your lover, and you will be abundantly happy. Marry your soulmate, and you will be infinitely happy.
Love is your greatest asset, fear is your greatest liability, and joy is your greatest reward.
When you hear love calling you, don't pretend to be deaf.
The world's most lethal venom is not found on the tongues of serpents, but on the tongues of a disgruntled wife.
Some men and women move mountains, even if it's one shovel full at a time.
Walk in love and you will appreciate people for who they are.
The relentless desire to give is evidence of love.
If you have no one, you are poor; if you have an acquaintance, you are fortunate; if you have a friend, you are privileged; if you have a lover, you are rich; if you have a soulmate, you are wealthy.
If you want to be strong, exercise; if you want to be wise, study; if you want to be happy, smile; and if you want to be invincible, love.
I don't defend pain, But I do respect its ability to make us stronger and wiser after it stings.
If a woman stands behind you, respect her; if she stands beside you, cherish her; if she stands with you, adore her.
The cheapest thing in your life is money; the most expensive, love.
You are never left out from having the experience of love. You can always give and receive love right from where you are at. It's always up to you.
Love just feels like the truth
Love: always inclusive, never divisive
Only when your love of roses is greater than your fear of thorns can you grow a beautiful garden.
Your knowledge can stir the world, your intellect can move it, your wisdom can shake it, but only your love can truly change it.
Jealousy says, Compete with each other. Envy says, Destroy each other. Empathy says, Help each other. Love says, Empower each other.
One who does not deserve your tears does not deserve your heart.
Knowledge offers you strength. Wisdom promises you influence. Understanding assures you wealth. Love guarantees you power.
Outer beauty you see with your eyes, but inner beauty you only see with your heart.
Scars mean you fought. Wrinkles mean you lived. Heartache means you loved.
If you are too busy to love, you are too busy to live; if you are too busy to live, you are too busy to love.
Dear fear, I'm divorcing you. Dear courage, I'm courting you. Dear hope, I'm pursuing you. Dear love, I'm marrying you.
If a man found his dream wife, it was because he was wide awake.
An inch to a man's heart is a mile to his wallet.
Get high on love, not drugs.
If your heart has been broken nine times, muster the courage to love again for the tenth.
If you are sad, love will make you happy; afraid, love will make you brave; weak, love will make you strong; and broken, love will make you whole.
The greatest love stories are not written by the ink of the pen, but by the ink of the heart.
Love is a funny business. It cannot be commanded but it commands us; it commands respect and unselfishness. Love cannot be sucked out of another in the hopes that it fills us up, because love is not a selfish quest.
You cant Realize Someone Good Is Coming Your Way, if still Remain Sleep on the Fact that they Actually Exist! Wake and smell the Coffee or Excuse yourself if your Nose is a bit Stuffy.
Only the ones whose hearts have been conquered by LOVE know the secret language of the eyes. Leave trails of love today, perhaps others might be brave enough to follow
Plucking a rose only proves you desire it, but nurturing it proves you love it.
Love FREES both the giver and the receiver, love INCLUDES all, love GIVES without seeking or demanding anything in return
Love frees both the giver and the receiver- FREE someone today... LOVE themLove includes all- INCLUDE someone today... LOVE them Love gives without seeking or demanding anything in return-GIVE to someone today without seeking or demanding... LOVE them
You spend the beginning part of your life with your mother, so love her; the middle part of your life with your girlfriend, so care for her; and the end part of your life with your wife, so adore her.
When love writes a letter, joy is its ink.
Love rewards you more in a moment than pleasure could in a lifetime.
If people want to believe in Hollywood movies, let them believe in Hollywood movies. Being romantic is not a disease.
Roses have thorns,' we whine. When thorns of life entwine. Simple things can bring solace to heart-Things everyone take for granted-Like tending beds of fragile roses-with heart full of scars
True love is like diamonds; scarce, and priceless.
The greatest profit you make in business is not money, but happiness. The greatest riches you give in life are not possessions, but love. The greatest treasures you acquire in life are not jewels, but joy.
When love invades your life, it captures your heart, imprisons your mind, and frees your soul.
Get up, work out, eat well, enjoy the moment, be present and show up for people who need your love; family, friends, less privileged, your followers. Appreciate love and remember, the journey is more important than the destination.
Like a child who saves their favourite food on the plate for last, I try to save all thoughts of you for the end of the day so I can dream with the taste of you on my tongue.
I fell in loveand then I became love.
We cannot see love yet its nurturing warmth is the essence of our being and sorrow can touch our very soul. For remorse is like a ripple on the ocean, once given it remains only in the heart of the receiver.Believe in Yourself by Grace Willows
Know that time is a balm that slowly heals all wound. You'll heal, you'll learn to live with the scars, you'll love again and you won't be the same, nor would you want to
It is hard to love yourself if you never spend time with yourself. 'Alone Time' is Necessary
Falling in love with a woman's body is lust, with a woman's mind is sense, with a woman's heart is virtue, and with a woman's soul is wisdom.
If you have money, you are affluent; if you have joy, you are wealthy; and if you have love, you are rich.
Love is more powerful than even the sun; light can only enter your eyes, but love can enter your soul.
Love makes you strong when others are weak, brave when others are scared, hopeful when others are despairing and cheerful when others are sad.
No three words have greater force than I want you, greater strength than I need you, greater might than I miss you, and greater power than I love you.
If you love and care enough, you will give a lot, you will forgive a lot.
Many people in life will catch your eye, but few will catch your heart. Make sure you notice the difference.
When the head tries to rule the heart, emotion poisons it.
By the time you become an expert at marriage, it is too late to start a new one.
There is a natural magic in the feeling of love that has been nourished by Mother Nature through millions of years. It can make you reach the zenith of your true potential. It can awaken your mind towards your deepest powers, and make you endowed with tools of greatness that you can never access in an ordinary state of mind.
At that very first kiss of my life I felt something melt inside me that hurt in an exquisite way. All my longings, all my dreams and sweet anguish, all the secrets that slept deep within my limbic brain came awake. I felt billions of Beach Boys playing their sweet melody inside my heart in perfect harmony with the universe.
To ease a grieving heart is the world's greatest pleasure, more so, when the heart is yours.
There is no gem like virtue, no wealth like happiness, no treasure like faith, and no jewel like love.
Love only knocks on your heart's door when certain it has the right address.
All that two lovers want, is to be one with the other in a moment of ecstasy.
Love can literally transform a human being. It can make us do either heroic or evil deeds. It is the best inspiration ever.
Passion stimulates you, love intoxicates you, marriage sobers you, and parenthood tries you.
Sometimes all you need is someone who is willing to listen to you without advising or judging you.
Love makes you the richest person in the world, no matter how poor you are.
Tragedy is actually untimely comedy
All the so-called philosophical notion of love without attachment or detached love are biologically non-existent on this planet. We humans are biologically designed through millions of years of evolution to grow attachment. Love cannot survive without attachment.
The universe offers you three things that money cannot buy: joy, love, and life.
Embrace all. Help some. Trust few. Harm none.
Joy is a loyal companion, love is a faithful friend, fear is a terrible adversary, and hatred is a merciless enemy.
Love does these three things effectively: multiplies joy, divides trouble, subtracts grief, and adds peace.
To live a little, love a little. To live a lot, love a lot.
The most valuable things in your life are always the things that money cannot buy.
Hate is strong, fear is mighty, jealousy is powerful, but love is invincible.
If you fall for someone, make sure they're there to catch you.
Love is our most basic human value and also our highest potential.
I can hardly remember my bleak life before you.
Always choose love
I never wanted to be a martyr-even for love. I don't want to die for love. I want to live for it.
Your wife is smarter than you; know this, and you will live happily ever after.
As the sun lives on when it sets in the warmth it has given to others, you too will live on in the hearts of those whose lives you have touched.
If the final chapter of your life story is written by love, you are guaranteed a happy ending.
If you want to be happy, love. If you want to be happier, love some more.
I'm the most awesome person I know.
My heart has had love and lost love but it keeps on loving. That's just what hearts do.
Your boast does not take you in any place , But your love, YES.
Passion gives you what you want, lust gives you what you desire, but only love gives you what you need.
Stand strong in your value. That starts by knowing your value.
Never allow your reality to be influenced by another's listless view of you.
Every act of goodness it's born from our desire to be happy.
Life will astound you when you give something a shot after being shot down.
Indiscretions can lead to great lessons.
Those things that are not within your control can often be the very things that set you free.
Sometimes you have to "play the part" to become the part.
Often it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
Sometimes life is unpredictable, as are people.
Creative solutions come at drastic times, if you open your mind to the possibilities. Free yourself to take a chance!
Other people's criticisms about what you are capable of, have nothing to do with you.
Choose your path or others may choose it for you.
When you get clear on your own boundaries, you will find it easy to decide what you're willing to accept in your career.
When you make an embarrassing mistake, learn to let the memories be enough to let you laugh about it today.
When you seek first to develop relationships based on personal and human ground, you will surely gain interest of another party.
It's your life and no one else cares as much about it as you should.
When you get clear on your own boundaries, you will find it easy to decide what you are willing to accept in your career.
What makes a person unique is their vision, their belief, their passion, and their flat out unwillingness to give up.
Often, it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
When it comes to recognizing your greatness, start first within your mind. Start now, in this moment. Imagine, imagine, imagine and then believe!
Opportunities rarely give second chances.
You never know who you're talking to. Don't judge. Remember people who you encounter are put in your path for a reason.
Life is full of surprises but you are exactly where you are supposed to be. Start there.
Sometimes what may appear as unfair, may actually be a huge favor from the Universe, pushing you in the right direction to live your dreams.
I take my integrity seriously, but make no mistake, I do not rely on others to do the same.
Anything is possible with laughter. If you can laugh out loud, especially at a life of mistakes, you will come out unscathed.
As long as you're alive you're going to be thrown a few obstacles. It's what you do with them that matters.
But do not fall only for what can be seen,there is more than just beauty and pleasure...
Before you get a bad attitude by drawing recurring conclusions to new situation based on past experiences, be sure to look for the possibilities.
Opportunities seldom appear wrapped in shiny paper with a big bow as you might hope. Remaining open to the packages they do in fact come in, regardless of how they appear, can lead to hugely profound experiences.
Life's unpredictable path and length, should be enough to make you want to take a chance.
People who believe in their own potential, and who are driven by purpose, rarely have time to talk about it.
Successful people will tell you that they do not wonder if they are going to succeed. They know they will. It's just a matter of when.
When it comes to happiness, why would anyone want to delay it?
Love sets you free the moment it arrests you.
In life there is but one career path that will fulfill. The path itself of joy. Make your heart sing. Anything else is a waste of life.
SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. OPEN DOORS, Path of change. Do something different.
Sam came to a fork in the road. One sign said 'SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. Continue doing what you're doing.' The other sign said 'OPEN DOORS, Path of Change. Do something different.' And so he was presented with a choice. It was a "no-brainer" to choose the path of "OPEN DOORS." But the question became, 'What to do different?
Catching up with the end result is never final, until it is, upon death.
The most important part of life is in fact, the journey, and it's happening right now.
Only your life's work , driven by passion, will last forever.
Big important days come and go and you can NOT hold onto them. The planning always lasts longer. Therein lies the process. Therein lies the journey. Therein lies life.
It takes literally no effort to allow yourself to drift into a negative state of mind. However, an inspired mind is one that has been developed and is constantly practiced in the art of visualization, positive thinking, and unwavering belief in potential and possibility.
The best couples share the load, divide the grief, and add to the peace, thereby multiplying joy.
Don't be so busy missing people who left that you miss the people that are standing right in front of you.
Value yourself and those who are in your company will reflect the same image.
The easiest way to remember your future wife's birthday is to marry her on Super Bowl Sunday.
The only place you will find love before sacrifice is in the dictionary.
Never fight for a girl; while pounding each other, someone is already making plans to whisk her away.
If you choose money over love, you will always be poor.
If men could be bought like clothes at an outlet, only then would women always get what they bargained for.
Happiness is ours for the taking and take it we must without any apologies. We deserve to be happy, loved, and respected......nothing less.
Love your friends with your eyes closed, but love your enemies with both eyes open.
If all you have is money, you are among the poorest people in the world.
I can paint you a picture, but to really enjoy what I'm enjoying; you need to be intertwine with me.
Love is a hook; the moment a man swallows it, a woman knows she has him forever.
Only Love That Stands Tall In All Condition Is The Unconditional One.
You're never going to be ready"..."Don't you see that? You have to forget about ready. If you don't, you're always going to run away
I believe people change and life tends them to.
When a heart has set a course, let it navigate the laughter in failure and generosity in overcoming crisis. Love weaves lives and distills.
Before letting someone hold your heart in their hands, make sure their hands are clean.
Interest in temperament as an individual difference dimension of importance in one's behavior leads to reanalysis of both theoretical and methodological considerations relating to the construct.
A kiss is the only thing you can throw at someone without being held criminally responsible.
The best chapters in your life story are written by love.
It's is not enough just to follow your heart. Use it in every breath and in each step. Meet and greet everyone with it. Put it into all you do, every dish you eat and all you create. Then your life and those of those you come into contact with will be truly rich - beyond material and transient things.
Never allow your short term temperament to affect your long term decisions.
Love is the luckiest tenant in the world, living in the hearts of men and women rent free.
You are a full of beautiful madness, an unreasonable reason, but you make sense in all things senseless.
Love enters your heart a spark and exists your soul a flame.
Sometimes we have to wait for years to seek a really exceptional thing. I always wanted to give you the best thing in the world but ...
You asked if I loved her? I can't even whisper her name, my heart would burst out of my chest.
Just because you took longer than others, doesn't mean you failed.
What is the difference? Tell me what is the difference between you and me. We both kill for what we want," the man asks."We lived here first.
Hate spreads in the direction it is blown, but love spreads in all directions.
The only true test of friendship is the time your friend spends on you.
Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
It's never the value of water but thirst, it's never the value of life but death and it's never about the friendship but trust.
don't you think between here and now we will see each other once or twice?
O friend, for the morrow let us not worryThis moment we have now, let us not hurryWhen our time comes, we shall not tarryWith seven thousand-year-olds, our burden carry
I had the feeling she was going to say something big. One of us had to say it. What happened to us? Where are we going? It was like this silence between us was frozen and we were both feeling our way around it. How is it that two people can need each other so absolutely and then, in moments, not even know how to be next to each other and just be quiet?
The typical expression of opening Friendship would be something like, 'What? You too? I thought I was the only one!
Friendship isn't a science mudboy. Just do what you think is right.
The whole point of being a good friend is being in the darkness. I'll be your light, until you can be it yourself again.
Sometimes friends do go from us-it will happen more and more as you grow up, Chugg. But if you really love your friends, they're never really gone. Somewhere they're watching over you and they're always there inside your heart.-Martin
Nothing gives you confidence like being a member of a small, weirdly specific, hard-to-find demographic.
Hassan couldn't read a first-grade textbook but he'd read me plenty. That was a little unsettling but also sort of comfortable to have someone who always knew what you needed.
Esca tossed the slender papyrus roll onto the cot, and set his own hands over Marcus's. "I have not served the Centurion because I was his slave," he said, dropping unconsciously into the speech of his own people. "I have served Marcus, and it was not slave-service...my stomach will be glad when we start on this hunting trail.
Perfect love is perfectly patient.
Unconditional love is the greatest gift of all" ~ The Soul Bearers, by Sylvia Massara
Mates such as they must stand by one another
Maybe being married is talking to oneself with one's other self listening.
Amicu certus in re incerta cernitur' [A true friend is a friend when in difficulty]
Only people can change people
Together or apart, no matter how far apart, we live in one another. We go on together.
You showed me that even the smallest of people can have the loudest of words. (Rachael Taylor, 2018).
Seeing someone reading a book you love is seeing a book recommending a person.
Don't get so focused on where you're going that you forget the people you're travelling with. There's no point reaching a destination if you arrive alone.
Now, Max, I have told you many times that you are my publisher, and permanently, as far as one can fling about the word in this too mutable world....The idea of leaving you has never for one single moment entered my head.
Whenever any of these new writers come up who are brilliant, I always realize that you have more talent and more skill than any of them;---but circumstances have prevented you from realizing upon the fact for a long time. [About F. Scott Fitzgerald]
The naysayer has a place in your life, but if that is someone that you are considering to be your friend, do they truly add value in your life?
Secrets make life more interesting. You can be in a crowded room with someone and touch them without touching, just with a look, because they know a part of you no one else knows. And whenever you're with them, the two of you are alone, because the you they see no one else can.
Disappointment comes from ExpectationExpectation comes from intimacyIntimacy comes from common interestAnd common interest comes from friendshipSo to nurture friendship, abandon expectation
Evan always used to day that it wasn't that you couldn't see that you should be afraid of, but what was right in front of you, in plain sight.
It is often while travelling through the dark that you find the ones who shine brightest in your life. For they are the ones who remind you of your own beautiful light and show up, without a second thought, in your pain, as well as your glory.
Stop. Stop trying to make the illusion of strength. You don't need it. Not here. Not now. Let yourself be sad until the real strength returns.
Wiping the tears off another's eyes is one of the sweetest and coolest gestures ever. It says, I am here if you need to talk or a shoulder to lean on. I may not understand your pains but I would do anything to keep the tears from falling.
When someone hugs you, let them be the first to let go.
The heart of a woman is the best mirror you can find.
Often we find a friend, not by accident, by unknown inner attraction and synchronicity.
Friendship is not an obligation or duty. It is a sweet responsibility.
A friend is a mirror. You unknowingly see yourself in him or her.
Your body can be in captivity, your life can be in captivity, but there is only one thing you should not allow to be in captivity; that is your soul.
Slavery of the soul is worst than the slavery of the flesh.....
Where you are running to is not the answer, who is with you is the power.
Romans 12:2What is the difference between a person born with a silver spoon that later eat with the pig and someone born among the pigs without a silver spoon in his mouth and later eat with a golden spoon? One must have changed his mind. If you can renew your mind, you can change your destiny.
Your Skin is not a deprivation, your life is not a defeat, the fact that you call yourself black does not mean that your eyes, soul and brain are black try to whiten yourself. If they blackmail you, whitemail yourself.Don't allow people's opinion to pin you down. Build yourself above the standard of slavery.
They terminate your job? Employ yourself. They retire you? Refire yourself.
Don't be afraid of trial but don't die in your temptation.
Only trials can bring you triumph and only obstacles can bring you miracle.
You are knocked down? Get up and move on....
With determination, it is possible to block out the negative things and enjoy the positive ones, despite the cons. Most importantly, it is possible to dance through everything pernicious.
The stares were annoying, but I knew they didn't mean any harm. So, every morning, smiling at them became part of my routine, too.
I think people get lost in becoming someone other then themselves when they spend too much time in the presence of those who don't bring out the best in them.
When you meet someone, and you find that they are prejudiced against your kind, it might be your chance, not to confirm, but to be the one to finally change their mind.
Don't search for people, the right persons will come to you at the right time
For you, a thousand times over!
Those who love you the most, let yo bend your notes
Those who love you the most, let you bend your notes
People come and go in this lifetime. Some merely pass us by. Some stay with us for a little while. Some leave as quickly as they come. However, when real friends come, they stay and never leave.
You cannot, ever, give up on a friend who is close to giving up on themselves
7amThey said that I'd forget you,and I knew it wasn't true.But sometimes I wake up now,and my heart's no longer blue.I press the Keurig button,dancing across the room-Sometimes it's nearly seven,before I've thought of you.And though we sleep together,all night side by side,one day I'll have my coffeewithout you in my mind.
When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendships if you learned instead to stay put when storms hit?
When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendships if you learned instead tasty put when storms hit?
The Court of Dreams. The people who knew that there was a price, and one worth paying, for that dream.
If we love someone deeply, be they friends, family or lovers, don't treat the relationship like a playground game of back and forth or tit for tat. See it as a loving connection and let that be the basis of it all.
When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendship if you learned instead to stay put when storm hit?
Dying and living, weeping and laughing--all parts of our existence here on earth. What would happen in your friendships if together you embraced the hard parts of life and did not fear weeping together?
A friend is a person whom you can love without judging and share your thoughts without fearing.
People inspire you, or they drain you. PICK THEM WISELY.
The only people who can change the world are people who want to. And not everybody does.
I am worried about our tendency to over invest in things and under invest in people.
People are not measured by their accomplishments, but by how many times they screw up trying to achieve them.
It is only when you accept how different you all are, that you will be able to see how much the same you all are. Don't expect anybody to be the same as you, then you will see that you are in many ways the same as everybody.
During the last six months the little girl Harriet, without her noticing it, had disappeared and a new Harriet had taken her place. A Harriet who looked much the same outside, but was more of a person inside.
I think that, people are people. That's why the way I treat the lady working in the deli who slices my ham is the same way I treat my friend who drives a Chrysler. That's why the way I treat the guy who packs my groceries is the same way I treat my rich friends. Because people are people. Some are rich and some are poor, and they're all people.
Dont feel sorry for no one if they dont feel sorry for you
The richest people in the world are the people that love the most
People have the power we give them. Words have the power we give them.
Pray for peace for all people.
Don't let your fear of criticism suffocate your leadership potential. Once you begin to speak your truth, you will discover the people who have been waiting for someone exactly like you. Until you speak up, all you need is the faith that they exist. And I promise you: they do.
It's weird how much people change...It's kind of sad, if you think about it. Like there's no continuity in people at all. Like something ruptures when you hit twelve, or thirteen, or whatever the age is when you're no longer a kid but a "young adult", and after that you're a totally different person. Maybe even a less happy person. Maybe even a worse one.
Stop thinking that racism is fun until a racist person get under your skin, that's when you'll know racism is not fun.
If you are uncertain or in confusion don't take any decisions. If you feel you can do something just feel it and do it. you cannot justify your actions that you do for others when you are unstable.People will feel for something all the time and you cannot make them happy anyway...
Talk to people about what they want to hear, and they'll stay for more. Talk to them about what you want them to hear, and they'll soon turn away.
Don't undermine the mirror that always shows you how good or the otherwise you look for any necessary correction! You may dearly miss its real essence the day it will break and you shall step out only for people to show you the little fault in your appearance that will give you something to ponder over and over!
Sometimes to love people, I must completely avoid them. Sometimes, to be strong, I must completely fall apart. Sometimes, to create, I must completely destroy.
Be inspired by the goodness in people and not their flaws.
There is more treasure in people than in all the gold and mineral mines of the world.
We make the world most possible by helping the people we encounter be their most possible.
We're not moments, Megan, you and me. We're events. You say you might not be the same person you were a year ago? Well, who is? I'm sure not. We change, like swirling clouds around a rising sun.
When the going gets tough, people bail. When the going gets easy, people get lazy. Honest, smart, hard work is the way to get results.
Sisters in battle, I am shield and blade to you. As I breathe, your enemies will know no sanctuary. While I live, your cause is mine.
War is not the answer, for only love can conquer hate
Be where your enemy is not.
Where you are born should not dictate your potential as a human being.
The war which is comingIs not the first one. There wereOther wars before it.When the last one came to an endThere were conquerors and conquered.Among the conquered the common peopleStarved. Among the conquerorsThe common people starved too.
Tracer lighting up the sky.It's another families' turn to die.A child afraid to even cry out says,He has been here.And I see no bravery,No bravery in your eyes anymore.Only sadness.
They had engaged in what could not be called treatment or even discussion, but open combat, the two of them a microcosm of the great war raging in the far distance: one side that desired autonomy, and the other that took independence as a sign of madness.
The quality of life in our world does not depend on the conflicts that arise, but on our response to them.
A dead eagle he might have buried, but he had chosen rather to light a fire for a phoenix.
There is much to love, and that love is what we are left with. When the bombs stop dropping, and the camps fall back to the earth and decay, and we are done killing each other, that is what we must hold. We can never let the world take our memories of love away, and if there are no memories, we must invent love all over again.
Armed violence and peace cannot coexist. We need to overcome the challenges we face and seek practical solutions. We must replace the culture of war with the culture of peace.
What we dedicate today is not a memorial to war, rather it's a tribute to the physical and moral courage that makes heroes out of farm and city boys and that inspires Americans in every generation to lay down their lives for people they will never meet, for ideals that make life itself worth living.
Without war there are no heroes.""What harm would that be?""Oh, Lavinia, what a woman's question that is.
The holy war is within.
You must bear losses like a soldier, the voice told me, bravely and without complaint, and just when the day seems lost, grab your shield for another stand, another thrust forward. That is the juncture that separates heroes from the merely strong.
The warrior must never get angry in war.
Ignorance, not sin, causes suffering. LIFT THE VEIL." ~ Lilli in the Great Theater
Words are weapons of war.
Peace that follows battle is a futile peace. It is time to count dead and to assess which side stands closer to the win.
That's my secret and my shame. I'm Nona Grey, war is in my veins, and the screams of my enemies are music to me.
My mother used to say, Preeto, there is never a right or a wrong side to a problem, but there can be to people. Not everyone here is on the right side, not everyone there is. You need to ask yourself, which side do you want to be on?
As a child, I thought that war and peace were opposites. Yet I lived in peace when Vietnam was in flames and I didn't experience war until Vietnam had laid down its weapons. I believe that war and peace are actually friends, who mock us.
Seemingly opposing forces can amalgamate.
Love conquers all. Let Love then smile at our defeat.
Victory stands on the back of sacrifice.
Victory stands on the back of sacrifice
Being peaceful may not be exciting like being at war, but it is the bliss and joy of life that you really enjoy.
hit with your fist, not with your finger spread
You cannot intimidate people with real bullets, but you can intimidate them with fake gun.
The atrocities of war are only overshadowed by the heroism of their dead.
Never did the world make a queen of a girl who hides in houses and dreams without traveling.
It's very hard to have ideas. It's very hard to put yourself out there, it's very hard to be vulnerable, but those people who do that are the dreamers, the thinkers and the creators. They are the magic people of the world.
If there never was a night or day and memories could fade away, then we'd be nothing left but the dreams we made
Goals are dreams with deadlines.
Yes, if it is meant to be, it will be. In the meantime, create your own fate. Plan big and dream bigger.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
deeds cannot dream what dreams can do
If you talk about it, it's a dream, if you envision it, it's possible, but if you schedule it, it's real.
Take care of your life force and always keep it streaming. Always be active and creative, and never ever stop dreaming.
We're practical and sensible but we're also dreamers. Don't forget that part of you. There's nothing wrong with being sensible, but dreams are what make you fly. And you're destined to touch the sky.
There are some people who live in a dream world, and some who face reality; and then there are those who turn one into the other.
If you have a dream, FOLLOW IT. 
Never lose your passion 2 dream.
That somehow dreams are a blurred line between here and there, like a meeting room in a prison. You're both in the same room, yet on different sides and really, in different worlds.
Write it as a dream, read it as a goal.
My final word: don't follow your dreams . . . chase them. With a stick, or a shovel, or whatever you have handy. Get that [bleep]ing dream!
I walk across the dreaming sands under the pale moon: through the dreams of countries and cities, past dreams of places long gone and times beyond recall.
You have this lifetime to make the best of your dreams. Don't wait a moment longer and start right now.
Life always holds in store surprises that are more complex and unforeseeable than any dream, and the secret is to let them come and not block them with castles in the air.
A dream without a fight is a nightmare.
Dreams are manifestation of the reality.
...try to remember that dreams do come true, but they don't come easily.
Dreams have a way of persisting. They just don't come true until you DO what you CAN.
And I couldn't make fun of her for that dream. It was my dream, too. And Indian boys weren't supposed to dream like that. And white girls from small towns weren't supposed to dream big, either.We were supposed to be happy with our limitations. But there was no way Penelope and I were going to sit still. Nope, we both wanted to fly:
If you're suddenly doing something you don't want to do for four years, just so you've got something to fall back on, by the time you come out you don't have that 16-year-old drive any more and you'll spend your life doing something you never wanted to do in the first place.
Life is a dream. We wake up when we die
Write your dreams in journal,note book, card or on a cork. When you pen down your dreams, an a inner strength and divine power is activated for your to work towards the fulfillment of your dreams.
The best way to maximize your time is by not wasting time. This requires planning and having an awareness of how you spend your time throughout the day.
We make things happen be believing they will," he once said to me. "We dream where we're headed, and one day, as if entering that dream, we arrive there".
if you just go on dreaming then it stays a dream and becomes stale and dead. But first to dream and then to do isn't that the way to make a dream come true
It's those silly dreams that keep us alive.
Take action on your inspired dreams
Dreams are fulfilled at the right.Be patient and wait for the fulfillment of your dreams.
But [Everett] and McCandless, at least they tried to follow their dream. That's what was great about them. They tried. Not many do.
The miracles of our dreams lie beneath our foot soles -- in each and every tiny step we take as we journey to the stars. I reckon the destination isn't the only miracle.
So long as breath remains in our lungs, untapped potential lies inside us, waiting to be released. The reason we are still alive is that we are carrying something inside us that this generation needs. That's why we're not yet in heaven.
All that you have been is but a small part, a very mere bit of the potential of your life.
People forget they have options. And they forget that those things don't really matter. They should concentrate on what they have and not what they don't have. And by the way, wishing and dreaming doesn't mean concentrating on what you don't have, it's positive thinking that encourages hoping and believing, not whinging and moaning.
Don't allow the fear of falling stop you from pursuing your dream. Prepare. Practice. Pray. Jump! It's through the fall that you'll realize you can to fly.
The voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
Constant dripping hollows out a stone.
Believe in your dreams and when people doubt you, prove them wrong.
Yet 'Reality' is just whatever illusion we believe in
I have the mind to do so many fields, careers, jobs, and hobbies; but I have the heart to do few fields of work, careers, jobs, and hobbies
Walking down the path of dreams, inner-self and listening to your heart are all different names given to your hidden scripts. 
There is only one way to make your dream a reality: make the decision and then not change it.
I can do anything. I can be anything. No one ever told me I couldn't. No one ever expressed this idea that I was limited to any one thing, and so I think in terms of what's possible, not impossible.
We are here to create our dreams. We are here to make our life so beautifully true to ourselves that it can never be replicated, a stunning masterpiece added to the world.
Without leaps of the imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
Get ready to leap into the life of your dreams!
Follow your inner dreams
You can make you most cherished dreams come true..
The best dreams are had while awake.
I can sacrifice everything for my dreams and goals encourage me or simply leave me.
Dreams aren't of the mind,but of the heart.
Many beautiful dreams die prematurely because the dreamers don't have enough fuel to drive through the rocky roads and the patience to wait.
When your dreams get fulfilled in dreams, wouldn't you rather skip reality?
If nightmares can come true, and sometimes they do... then so can our happiest dreams.
Blessed are the people who are living dreams they didn't know they had. Dreams they never dreamed. Dreams that came to life because they followed their intuition.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
Dream and Done
If you sincerely want to be successful in life, all you need is one person to believe in you, and that one person should be YOU. As long as you genuinely believe in yourself, you can and will be a success. Your mindset is a powerful force! What you think and how you think will be the ultimate factor of your journey's end.
Your age is measured by your dreams not by the years.
We should see big dreams because it will encourage us to achieve
If you want to be a writer, write a little bit every day. Pay attention to the world around you. Stories are hiding, waiting everywhere. You just have to open your eyes and your heart.
But what is a dream, Conor O'Malley? Who is to say that it is not everything else that is the dream?
If your dreams don't scare you, they aren't big enough.
Dreams are born from the Rubbles of Pain.
When men do not know their assignment on earth they kill themselves psychologically and emotionally, wallowing in different careers and meddling in dreams of others. They become restless and engage in unhealthy competition - living unfulfilled lives
Don't expect the unexpected. Let the unexpected expect you.
A small crack in a wall, the wall might fall. A small crack in a relationship, several walls get created.
What's supposed to be and what is, are two very different things.
Eliminate distractions and focus on priorities.
This is our life; dreams come true, and dreams stumble, while others dreams remain postponed perpetuity...
Make your dreams worth more than your sleep.
To be a success, plant the seeds of dreams. Then take care of those plants.
They say that dreams are only real as long as they last. Couldn't you say the same thing about life?
Having dreams without enthusiasm is like a bird living in a cage.
Sacred dreams are dreamt day by day.
All your heart's desire will come true in due time.
Whatever you do, do it with passion; learn new things, set new standards. If you fall down, get up; just get going, non-stop. This is how dreams come true.
True dreams are those which keep you awake at night and drive you nuts during the day.
When in crises situation, never mourn along with the crises, rather speak to the crises saying, "Crises what opportunities are you hiding for me.
Never let anyone take away your dreams.
The extra-ordinary secret to success is nothing but ordinary belief.
In darkness, don't cry, wait for the star to appear.
A few simple tips for life: feet on the ground, head to the skies, heart open...quiet mind
All humans are carrying invisible torchlights directing us to our destinies called our beliefs.
Dreams, desires, destiny, and difficulties in life make it a magical and meaningful fairytale.
Whatever our dreams are, we can make them happen. Some dreams may seem impossible, but they are not, in my belief. How can we know that it cannot and will not happen without even trying? It is always better to have tried than not to have tried at all.
Come out of the don'ts and impossibles. Manifest your dream. Bloom your worth.
We knew that it would soon be over, and so we put it all into a poem, to tell the universe who we were, and why we were here, and what we said and did and thought and dreamed and yearned for. We wrapped our dreams into words and patterned the words so that they would live forever, unforgettable.
Give yourself the benefit of believing. Limbo isn't forever and the tunnel does end. Dreams take flight and success is attainable. But truly it is happiness of self you must achieve. Your time will come and patience will be your teacher. Trust in her, and she will help you fulfill your heart's desire.
Every great dream has no defined parameters, out of fear we set the limitations.
When hope seems like a faded memory, remember love and hope will return stronger than ever.
Trust your imagination, dreams, and hopes. Just never forget to take actions to justify your trust.
Life is a fairy tale that was written by hopes, dreams, and desires.
A dream doesn't come true by itself... we must pull it.
The validation of your dreams is not in the colour of your skin but in the quality of your heart.
Don't leave the dream, lead your dreams!
I wanted to be that,The one which was vast,The one which laughed,The one which surpassed,Yes, which also collapsed.True, it was abstract.I wanted to be that.I still, want to be that!
Your life is made up of your dreams and your realities, your expectations and your possibilities.
It's still ok to dream with a broken heart.
Nurture your Dream everyday. A strong dream will empower you to take bold decisions and allow you to follow your heart.
In dreams begin responsibilities
Life is too short not to believe in something.
How can I forget there's just one life & so much to do. Let me choose the best things to do & start to do.
The greatest self is the grace to live for your dreams.
Dreams are the inner perceptions and realizations that require goal oriented actions and persistence.
Poor people are those who does not have Dreams rather does not Money...
Poor people are those who do not have Dreams rather do not have Money.
You are not a human being, but you are a thinking and dreaming machine.
What you think of yourself is what you will become.
Go chase your dreams. Give it a try. And see how far you can go.
Thoughts are wakeful dreams without the pictures.
Dreams can be either fate or a warning.
Life is too big for small dreams.
Is it not better to live in dreams and realize it than to live in reality and forget to dream?
Be determined to fulfill your dreams.
Seek to exceed your own expectations.
The way to make your dreams come true is to start believing in them.
Never stop dreaming. Never stop listening to the music that is inside of you.
The greatest dreams are always considered unrealistic to those with no ambition
With faith, you can find your fate.
Begin to chase your dreams.
You have to believe in your dreams.
Their doubt is your fuel for dreams. You just have to drive.
I've got dreams and goals waiting for me to catch up to them
You can never go further than your own thoughts.
When you believe and act on your dreams, your dreams will become a reality.
You become what you focus on and dream about.
First I dream my life. Then I live in that dream with love and joy.
Open your wings, fly toward the sky To live in your dream, even if it is high
What do you do when your words aren't enough? What do you do when your actions have no effect? What do you do when all the fibers of your existence scream just to be heard? And yet, only the most deafening silence returns the echoes of your screams. Is there something beyond words and action?
Though I exist in the realms of day and night, I'm only truly alive in the moments between.
And once the ripples still and the water returns to its unwavering calm, even the pebble that broke its surface will be forgotten. And the world will go on.
I was lost in the moments I decided to keep. To be awake in a dreamless sleep. And in that place between dream and sleep, I planted some more things I would like to keep.
She was starmetal bones with kaleidoscope eyes. A cracked framework of unique beauty, a patchwork portrait filled with swirling brush strokes, an amalgamation of delicate light and detailed shatter. I could write a novel about the way she breathes.
She's an array of undiscovered words, of feeling beyond my threshold. I'm just a man, trying to hold himself together in her wake.
The flicker, the flutter, even thoughts can stutter.
It was her eyes. Soft, meadow-shade eyes with frostbitten edges. Every glance casually held gossamer infinity. Every stare revealed inky black abyss with a hint of divinity.
Woven words are little conviction when I present myself as a man of fiction.
She was carmine shadows reflecting from my crimson words. Every pulse sent a velvet ripple through the shade. Every breath, a scarlet pause.
With ravenous passion and reckless ambition he forged his thoughts into words, obsessed with the notion that dying would not be the last thing he would do.
He gave up. No hint of ember behind his eyes nor life in his breath. He snipped the last, overstretched strand of hope, and nicked the strand of life by mistake. He did it with his hands.
She had the blood of the sun running through her veins and the dust of stars at her fingertips. Her every breath birthed new cosmos and her thoughts were the super moon of the darkest night. Every word was a supernova and every step an inescapable singularity. Her touch though...it was soft.
And though they fell as ashes, their shadows drifted as leaves.
I love her, but every hug leaves bullet holes in my chest. Every kiss is another scar upon my flesh. Every thrust, every touch, every moan that escapes her lips...they are famine to my soul, and I still can't let her go.
She was poetry written in pen, scribbled and scrawled again and again. Ink splattered across the page. And within those scratched words, those small, sharp incisions, an image can be seen and you're left to wonder what, in the end, this all could mean.
Our bodies are made of supernova dust, the epitome of ultimate destruction and shatter. And though we are whole, beings with bodies and souls, with cosmos in our eyes and black heart holes, we love as fiercely as the force of creation.
She was poetry written in pen, scribbled and scrawled again and again.
She speaks in heartbeats and the rises of her chest, words forever seared in thoughts that will never rest.
On these days, I've never felt so hollow. Recollecting the many pieces of me that were lost in past sub-lives. They were the minor characters of my novel life, the sub-plots to the whole story. On these days I was the binding that held the book together, I was not the words.
These places I traveled through, they were a lot like the people I knew. Some abodes I muddled about for a day or two, others entertained my thoughts for a year or a few. Each place and person gave me wisdom or growth, and, if I was lucky, sometimes I'd get both.
He sang softly, less with words and more with thought. She cradled his head, stitching together his fragmented heart.
Adventures kept hidden, words kept silent. You became my greatest secret. And when you left, no one knew the source of the pain I felt. No one knew you existed, except my writhing heart.
In a way, she became the sand to my hourglass... she made watching that trickling sand a little more bearable. I no longer worried about what would happen when the sand ran out. I began to see the spark each grain held as it fell.
As I watched the sky morph shades of amber and amethyst, of fiery orange and smoldering pink, I always wondered if colors and images like these once inspired the greats before us to construct their beauty and masterpieces.
That last bit of hope always lingered as a stubborn thread. Every time I would try to cut it I would feel it... a pulse. My pulse. My blood is hope.
It only took a corny joke, but the smile I saw shone brighter than a glare, more profound than a star. And the best thing... it was so genuine. It was so her. I never thought I could fall more in love.
I realized the world around me was fragmented and broken... I had to be gentle enough not to scrape against the jagged pieces. I would not be cut today.
My heart may be bruised and scarred, bleeding slow drip-drip with every thump and every other thump-thump that widens unsealable wounds. My heart is the strongest part of me. It's survived everything I've thrown at it and much more than it should.
Her words were slickly lacquered, dripping with venom that singed the air as they fell. She traced her tongue up my neck and whispered in a way that would shatter glass. "It's the words inbetween," she said, "those are the ones I truly mean." Then, her toes curled with the release of the truth she kept hidden.
When it came to her, I became an indomitable warrior. My muscles became her shield and my lungs aided her breath. She would not fall with me by her side, for I was the wings that sprouted from her back. No one would cross her without first having to survive my wrath.
Whether it was in the maze of my fantastical mind or the allure of her gossamer eyes, they took me to undiscovered worlds of azure and metamorphosis. The air shimmered with every breath, the water tightened with every sound.
He spoke in polished honesty free of liar's filth. He said the hardest words with an unshakable voice, a wide smile, with fear and doubt freezing over his core. The truth was the best route, but the truth could always be costly... another truth. A sad truth.
My body held on though I held snapped threads in my hands and patches of my flesh were missing entirely. I was proud of my little mess... all the mistakes, every scar and every tear, told a story of a life I was strong enough to bear. I wear a patch of pride upon my chest, showing all my self-glory of the good times and the rest.
She is beyond any mortal structure of words, yet she inspires the effort to try anyway.
That's what really broke me, she was better than any fantasy I could hope to imagine. I've spent my life creating, yet she was pristine the likes of which I could never fashion.
She was exactly right and wrong in the perfect sort of way. This kiss would be the first of many, she was the type of girl I would desperately fight for to stay.
She was the half-whispers born from half-thoughts, the half-breaths of dying half-hearts.
You are whole today, looking back at fragments of the past. Such a hollow foundation for such a powerful person.
All my past heartache and pain suddenly made sense. That was who I would not be to the person who deserves the best of me.
I wanted nothing more than her attention. Her thoughts filled with me. Her eyes lost in my image. I wanted her so badly I didn't even realize I lost myself in the process. Now, when I look in the mirror, I only see her... where is me?
It was the end for something. It was the beginning for another. But in reality it just fell in the middle. In that confusing moment of time between my birth and my death.
I always thought time was the most valuable currency, but I realized the people we spent our time on and loved us back, that love held even more meaning to me.
I was burdened with an ever-growing heart on the verge of decay. To save myself, I had to give many pieces of my love away. I hope I can give it all to someone, someday.
It was a slow fall, through warm experiences and good laughs. It didn't even feel like love until I got to the end. Even then, it was not the hard surface of rock, but the scorching embrace of more.
I wanted to know every story behind the scars on her curves. I wanted to decipher the whispers hidden beneath her every breath. I wanted to unravel her with my hands.
They surrounded me, bare me. Their fingers like tentacles and their desires like knives. Their fingers traced my secrets and their desires carved my skin.
Anyone who claims good or evil isn't one or either, they're just a liar... the worst kind of liar... the liar that doesn't even know they're lying. We're human. We're good during the day and evil at night, half the time those roles are reversed, that's what it's all about.
We are the living whole of the fragments from the things we've experienced and people we've encountered. Each interaction changes us in a subtle or massive way. The masterpiece we are sheds it's weathered skin, becoming even more than it was before.
Every decision, every single one, comes with a price to pay. It means you chose one thing over another, always. Whether you chose right or wrong, that cost remains constant. It's a permanent life tax. That's where taxes come from.
The brittle seeds remained inside my soul, my tears the water that begged them to grow. And though I hate to admit it, you are my sun. Your light and warmth the last variables needed to see the seedlings burst and anchor. The roots in my soul, the flower and fruit in yours.
Just being around her made me feel better. She had an amber shade aura to her that filled any cracks and brokenness I hadn't yet fixed. I could be myself around her, knowing full well she held on as I let go.
His eyes are covered by impermeable marble, a solidity that can never be breached. You think there is gold and warmth behind the facade of cold, but if only you could see your reflection in the marble. You would see how you burn, how brightly you glow, enough to incinerate anyone else whole.
Inside, my soul is curled tightly bearing the burden of massive sins from another life. And my eyes look far at the hell around me... a sharp grin tugs at the corner of my lips.
And in my novels I live many lives. Substitutes of spontaneity to replace a dreary reality. How I live for those inky black words and kaleidoscope colored experiences.
An intricate string made up of infinite knots and curls. Taking a step back, it really did seem so fragile. As if the smallest breeze of opportunity would cause it to snap. It held strong though, fastened to me and you as a line of steel.
I wear my past around my shoulders as a fine, but worn, cloak. Don't be fooled by my cloak's appearance, I have a three piece underneath.
I was the wings that kept her aloft, while the churning sea of reality nipped at her feet. I kept her from drowning, but I still felt bad, that her toes had to experience such dreadful cold.
Everyone is their own, though they are so alone. They all sit on their imagined thrones, made only of their own bones. Ego and pride make exquisite delusional cushions.
He accepted new ideas as readily as new trends. Knowing those worth it would last and the lessers will pass.
I held my breath tightly against the shivers coursing through my body. Darkness ate away the edges of my vision and numbness stole away my fingers. I kept holding though. Watching the last bubble of precious air escape my lips. Then it became all black. But I never let go.
It was a burden on all her muscles. A hollow deeper than her bones. She braced herself though, she knew why Atlas stood so tall.
I don't know anymore, whether it's a curse or a blessing to see the beauty in the ugly. Growing up simply and getting old complexly. I now see reason behind sin, and love behind pain.
The scribbles in my notebook are a reflection of you. Every line holds your name. Every paragraph a feature of yours I love. Each page is a memory of moments that took my breath away. Of times when I laughed more than my lungs would allow. My notebook is full, but I always knew only one would hardly contain all of you.
I think I feel it The nimble, fleeting emotion That novels and authors desperately Try to convey in ink and heart blood Whose shadow festers in the loins Of teenagers and their insatiability The hidden thing none of us can see Yet we all disagree what it looks like If only it were love... simple, infinite love But this was more, this was bloodshot madness.
She was small. Her shadow moved in the dance of chaos before her as the inferno blazed behind her and licked the sky with its many tongues. She clutched an indistinguishable toy with both arms tightly. Her face was serene. Her eyes shone with courage more immense than the surrounding flames. She was small, but at that moment, I've never seen a bigger person.
And they danced with laughter and tears. They swung each other round and round, the first and last time in years.
Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.
Let your thoughts, intentions, imaginations, and dreams fly under a clear blue sky with a spring breeze floating like a butterfly from flower to flower. See the beauty of mankind. Enjoy the nectar of life. It will shift your awareness to a higher consciousness.
When you find a way to incorporate your goals and dreams with what you enjoy most, then you have found success!
Be careful of what you dream and expect in life. You might just get it.
Believe in a brighter future.
Success belongs to those who take action to make their dreams a reality.
Believe in your dream and define yourself endlessly.
The past was "built", the present is "assembled" & the future - "programmed"!
Life is a story. I wake up, it was a sacred dream.
Never allow anyone to hold the key to your happiness, key to your heart, or key to your dreams. Be in control of your life and build your hopes on things eternal. No one should have the power to manipulate your life, optimism, love, or success.
Thinking is an exercise of an imaginative mind to empower dreams and desires.
Life is like a bud, it always dreams to bloom like a flower.
Life is a game of dreams and desires.
Everything happens because of dreams.
A flower blooms because she dreams and desires to do so. Nothing happens without a dream.
Do not stop dreaming because dreams are not real.
Dreams are like drama, they unfold the story on the stage.
Stop and think about who you are and where you've come from. Love yourself and comfort your spirit. Don't go wandering the streets looking for love and attention. Self love and respect must be a priority
Dreams shape the kind of human beings we become. Not having a dream gave me a smaller future and made me a smaller person.
We dream. We aspire. We hope. Sure, we can get down too. But it's not about that. It's not those moments that define us. It's those times when we're looking forward, seeing that brighter future, and acting on it.
We're all in the human race. The question is, are you running toward your dreams or just away from your fears?
Your dreams of today creates your future.
Your dreams of today create your future.
I climbed into bed, wide awake and full of dreams.
Let your dreams fly in the sky of imagination.
It feels wonderful when you fly with hopes and dreams.
If that's what you want to do, then you should go do it-and do it well.
Dream is an expensive ornament to adorn your hope
Our dreams can carry valuable information when we consciously choose to start listening to them.
Your dreams become your reality if you have the courage to act on them.
Our dreams become our home where we dwell.
Be optimistic about your dreams.
While defending your Dream from Competing Opportunities, always be guided by your Valuesrather than perceived necessities
Are you living your dream or someone's dream?
A life without a vision is like a kite let loose; it is directed by the forces that be, never giving even the slightest of resistance to life's pressures, eventually ending up far away from home (that comfortable place).
life is full of wonders, but you ca't have rainbows without rain, lightning and thunder
I believe dreams connect us to our ancestors and it is through creativity that we can tap into this in the conscious state. Creativity is a sort of trance that we have as artists that erases time and space.
You ought to have a vivid picture of what you want.
Whatever you want, you can create with your imagination.
Believe in yourself and the beauty of your dreams.
The true cost of following your dreams isn't what you sacrifice when you chase them, it's what you lose when you don't
If you want to rebel, rebel from inside the system.That's much more powerful than rebelling outside the system.
Freedom is indivisible; the chains on any one of my people were the chains on all of them, the chains on all of my people were the chains on me.
If we lose freedom here, there is no place to escape to. This is the last stand on earth.
Perfect Liberty follows no rules, law, or any virtue for that matter. It disregards respect, courteousness, and love.
Years ago I recognized my kinship with all living things, and I made up my mind that I was not one bit better than the meanest on the earth. I said then and I say now, that while there is a lower class, I am in it; while there is a criminal element, I am of it; while there is a soul in prison, I am not free.
The secret of happiness is freedom but to be totally free you need to earn: courage, persistence and boldness.
Rise like the hero you were born to be, or die the slave you think you are.
May we think of freedom not as the right to do as we please but as the opportunity to do what is right.
For what avail the plough or sail, or land or life, if freedom fail?
Let us not rest until we are free to live in dignity in the land of our birth.
Today a great shot for freedom was heard. I think it stands a chance of being heard forever. It marls a turning point in the history of the Jewish people. The beginning of the return to a statues of dignity we have not known for two thousand years. Yes, today was the first step back. My battle is done. Now I turn the command over to the soldiers. 
Form your own autonomous group, answering to no power but your own, and chase down freedom for yourselves, if your representatives will not do if for you- since they cannot do it for you.
Let's not grow with our roots in the ground.
No person can do this or that to keep another from being truly free. We are always free. Even if imprisoned.
Imagine yourself in Harriet Tubman's shoes. Fighting to be freed from deplorable conditions. Placing one foot in front of the other, putting slavery behind you. If a petite, abused slave can rise up, fight for freedom, secure the freedom of others, and change her world, so can I. And so can you.
From this day onward whatever circumstances may jam my way I'll break through it unscathed for in the end who will but suffer but me, so much so that I will reach for the unreachable, I'll break that which is unbreakable and attain that is impossible!
I am in everything that stands for justice and the natural rights of free men everywhere.I am American Amaranth
You can only be free if I am free.
If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom, - go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen
there are words inside me that don't want to hide anymore.Perfect or not, they don't want to be safe for much longer.They want to be free.
You are free to do anything you want , provided you are not a beneficiary of others effort.
Only the Truth can set you free.
A promise is a direction taken, a self-limitation of choice. As Odo pointed out, if no direction is taken, if one goes nowhere, no change will occur. One's freedom to choose and to change will be unused, exactly as if one were in jail, a jail of one's own building, a maze in which no one way is better than any other.
The Universe cares more about your empowerment and freedom from fear than it does just about anything. It's really true
You can imprison a man, but not an idea. You can exile a man, but not an idea. You can kill a man, but not an idea.
But no matter what happens, I spoke up, made a voice for myself, freed from the haunting memories that have owned me for the last six years. I found my courage.
Love builds a bridge. Hate builds a wall.
Christ set my chains free.
I slept under the moonlight and set my soul free, caged within jars like fireflies".
The light in meonly wants toreach the darkness in you.
You don't need planning permission to build castles in the sky.
Of course you cannot know a man completely, his character, his principles, sense of judgement, not till he's shown his colors, run the people, making laws. Experience, there's the test.
The idea of freedom is a piece of dry bread thrown to people so that they can break their teeth with it.
Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild.
What's freedom for? To know eternity.
The World will not Change unless You Change the World.
True freedom is the ability to respond consciously, in the most beneficial way, to whatever life throws at you.
When national ideals are confined to insignificant issues reflective primarily of a personal choice, there lies a problem of distorted priorities.
All they had to do was let go, and they'd be free. But they held on.
The time when freedom is no longer held in the highest regard is not during times of want or suffering, but during the era of civility, pleasure, and wealth.
When we allow ourselves to be authentically free, it raises our vibration.
She wore her battle scars like wings, looking at her you would never know that once upon a time she forgot how to fly
The creative mind can turn chaos into a master piece and call it Art.
Love can only be true and free when you are fully healed from painful past and any form of brokenness.
All worthy work is open to interpretations the author did not intend. Art isn't your pet -- it's your kid. It grows up and talks back to you.
A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.
I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid I'll never get a chance to live!
Someone once told me that we move when it becomes less painful than staying where we are".
Z is for Zillah who drank too much gin.
The search for a life-style involves a journey to the interior. This is not altogether a pleasant experience, because you not only have to take stock of what you consider your assets but you also have to take a long look at what your friends call the trouble with you. Nevertheless, the journey is worth making.
Our Euripides the human,With his droppings of warm tears,and his touchings of things common Till they rose to meet the spheres.
There is nothing we can now call our own, for what we call so is the effect of art; crimes are made by decrees of the senate, or by the votes of the people; and as here-to-fore we are burdened by vices, so now we are oppressed by laws.
Oh, measure it all out! Acceptable levels of misery and suffering!' The cane swung down, thumped hard on the ground. 'Acceptable? Who the fuck says any level is acceptable? What sort of mind thinks that?'Karsa grinned, 'Why, a civilized one.''Indeed!' Shadowthrone turned to Cotillion. 'And you doubted this one!
one blow in anger [would] kill, probably, a child from aged two to eight. Those over eight would take two blows to kill.
We are getting older fatter and balder. Each day brings us one step closer to death. Other than that, life's a ding-a-derry.
Always remember rule #6... don't take yourself so damn seriously
We took a bus to the nearby monastery of one of the last great Tang dynasty Chan masters, Yun-men. Yun-men was known for his pithy one word Zen. When asked What is the highest teaching of the Buddha? he replied: An appropriate statement. On another occasion, he answered: Cake. I admired his directness.
Writing is like a lump of coal. Put it under enough pressure and polish it enough and you might just end up with a diamond. Otherwise, you can burn it to keep warm.
I'm so lucky to have a family, adopted or not! I'm so lucky to be alive!" Judy Ellis Taylor tells her three school-age girls.... They roll their eyes.
If you're not where you wanna be in your life, why you chilling so much?
Nice! There's no fun in nice. I'll be myself and you'll all love me for it.
There are only three rules in life. Traffic is real, Fire Burns and You Cannot Fly
If we followed our feelings all the time we'd be like cats chasin' their tails.
Never worry if you're excluded from the circle, sometimes it's full of squares.
C is for coffee. Coffee would always be there for her.
Neither any one in this world is born as our friend nor born as our enemy.Our behavior, attitude & approach makes them become either one.
I'm not stupid... I'm just too lazy to show you the extend of my knowledge!
Well, now you can see how sensible it is not to start your day by guessing what might happen... After all, how long would I have had to go on guessing before I guessed this?
If I could do it all again, I would start three hundred years ago, and write twice as fast.
If I could split myself into five people, I would still be behind on my writing schedule. I see now why James Patterson cloned himself so many times.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
In the still of the night, when you are serenely falling asleep and an epiphany suddenly hits you. Roll your ass off that bed and start typing because that fleeting moment will never pass by you again...You can sleep when your dead!!!
What did I hope to gain from my game and from putting my parents through all this? The truth is that I loved to play. My body was fit and my mind raring to go. But I also hoped that I would get a government job through the sports quota.
Failure is something you experience on your way to success - unless you're a skydiver.
It's hard to sleep when you have thirty two million quids worth of stolen jewellery hidden under the mattress.
Let me put it more artistically, with greater sophistication:They left us in the toilet. In the deepest pile of shit. And we're coated in the crappy residue of their desicions. But that does not mean we are the one who pooped, Moritz. And neither are we the poop.Never think that. We're not the poop.
Consider the simple hedgehog, and his neighbor, the opossum...do they waste their energy trying to throw one another into chasms when they face a common enemy, the winter? No!
The main causes for divorceare marriages.
People who say you can't do something should be ignored. They're probably talking to themselves.
When life gives you lemons ask it for sugar and water too. Otherwise your final product would be some acidic lemon juice!
What is Gornite? Why can't you heat it? Will it make you laugh? - I hope so
Telescopes and bathyscapes and sonar probes of Scottish lakes, Tacoma Narrows bridge collapse explained with abstract phase-space maps, some x-ray slides, a music score, Minard's Napoleonic war: the most exciting new frontier is charting what's already here.
See, because being Cool is obviously the most important thing on earth. It's more important than getting a job, or having a girlfriend, or political power, or money, because all those things are predicated by Coolness. They happen because of it. They depend on it.
Today I plan to smile a lot, only so people who know me will be freaked the fuck out.
Spending time looking for what is missing in your life is futile; if you fail to look within yourself. When we challenge everything we believe we are, we reveal that which we never knew about our own selves.
Entre los individuos, como entre las naciones, el respeto al derecho ajeno es la paz -- Among individuals, as among nations, respect for the rights of others is peace.
The sharpest criticism often goes hand in hand with the deepest idealism and love of country.
...We are all Federalists,and we are all Republicans.
The dead should not rule the living.
Latinos are here to stay. As citizen Raquel, I'm proud to be Latina.
Like Aristotle, conservatives generally accept the world as it is; they distrust the politics of abstract reason - that is, reason divorced from experience.
Hay que ser duro pero jamas perder la ternura.[It is necessary to be hard but never to lose the tenderness]
We write history with our feet and with our presece and our collective voice and vision. And yet, of course, everything in the mainstream media suggests that popular resistance is ridiculous, pointless, or criminal, unless it is far away, was long ago, or, ideally, both. These are the forces that prefer the giant remain asleep.
The trouble with all these far-right and far-left mentalities is that they can encompass only one side of an argument and are congenitally incapable of holding two opinions in their heads at the same time.
Communism as I see it has no place in the United States, and the American people will not stand for its teachings.
Mothers and fathers are born everywhere. What the world needs are leaders.
A nation with a thousand awakened citizens and a corrupt leader, is much more alive than a nation with an awakened leader and a thousand corrupt citizens.
Politics means implementation of the best ideas for the society in the path of wellbeing and progress.
One of the most important qualities of a president is the ability to inspire, to bring people together for the common good.
In video games, one of the most helpless against injustice can even mighty.
Every animal is biologically designed by Nature to do wrong in return. It takes a human being to not do wrong in return.
Only those who live for others become immortal, and the rest simply perish within a few weeks , or alas days, after their mortal demise.
Both Obama and Romney ended up in the wrong place: the former thought American exceptionalism was no longer true and should be given up while the latter thought it was still true. Neither was willing to tell Americans that they were no longer exceptional but should try to be again.
At every age we play the same game, just by different rules.
You follow voice of masses, Possibly you suppress your inner voice.
Ten men shouting will control ten thousand who choose to remain silent.
Money is not as good as power, but power is as good as money.
Power is not pleasure, power is pain.
If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.
Remember death. Even for those who wield great power, life is brief. There is only one way to triumph over death, and that is by making our lives masterpieces. We must seize every opportunity to show kindness and to love fully.
Watch the beauty of your life tree old leaves falling and allowing new ones to sprout !
A fearless mind is fearless because, it cannot see anything different from it. Fear of superiority and power comes only when we begin to differentiate.
Be slow to teach, and quick to learn. Avoid impious people, run from fools, and seek out the wise.
Never compare yourself to others because you are unique and beautiful in your own ways.
When turbulence hits your sails remind yourself it is an opportunity to get to the shore quicker.
Prepare yourself well, so you don't have to regret anything .
Life is the song you dance to when reality sings.
Before you wear a crown of gold, life sometimes makes you wear a crown of thorns.
If you have never reached rock bottom, you have never attended the school of greatness.
Don't be too busy growing old that you forget to grow up.
When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.
The past only dies so the future can live.
In poverty, friends are few; in prosperity, acquaintances are numerous; in affluence, associates are countless.
In life, those with heart certainly outdo those with 'smart'.
At the end of every dark storm is a bright rainbow.
Lies spread quicker than truth because they have longer legs.
Happiness is a state of mind. your state of mind. So you should have some say in it
When dealing with two faced people, it is difficult to know which face is uglier, the real one or the manufactured one.
Keep expecting and believing that your due season is coming. Declare that the good you have harvested in your life will manifest.
Looking on the bright side of life is better than looking on the dark side of despair.
It is impossible to graduate from the University of Life with no scars.
A tree will not wither and die because the wind blew away one leaf.
A tree dances for the wind not because it enjoys it, but because it doesn't want to break.
The richest person in the cemetery is the one who left the most happy memories.
The distance between two minds is understanding.
When the nest becomes too small a bird is ready to spread its wings and fly.
In calm waters you still find sharks.
Genius is in you, but like a seed, you determine whether it dies or grows.
Stand alone when it is to your benefit, with others when it is to your advantage, and with everyone when it is to your empowerment.
Talk less. Do more. Fear less. Achieve more.
A bee does not need to follow you to give you honey: you follow it. Become a person of value and you too won't have to beg anyone to follow you.
Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.
Water is soft, but can maneuver any obstacle; be shrewd, and be gentle, and you too will be able to do likewise.
Leave beauty marks in the lives of those you meet, not scars.
Pain teaches you more than pleasure. Failure teaches you more than success. Poverty teaches you more than prosperity. Adversity teaches you more than comfort.
A flower takes a while to grow, but can die in an instant; this is how it is with trust.
If death blew a trumpet each time he was coming, there would be no one to greet him on arrival.
Expand your mind. Nurture your heart. Develop your body. Cultivate your soul.
Think outside of the box. Work outside of the box. Dream outside of the box. Succeed outside of the box.
Your mind is a weapon. Your heart is an asset. Your soul is a treasure. Your life is a jewel.
If you want to lead a pleasant life, be good to yourself; if you want to lead a happy life, be good to others; and if you want to lead an exceptional life, be good to everyone.
Charity is fortune, avarice is poverty, peace is treasure, and happiness is wealth.
Forgive those who hurt you yesterday.Reward those who help you today.Remember those who help you tomorrow.
Let them judge you, but remain virtuous.Let them criticize you, but remain wise.Let them misunderstand you, but remain kind. Let them hate you, but remain exceptional.
The wise are like a sprouting seed; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
It is wise to buy acquaintances, but foolish to buy friends.
A flower does not bloom for itself, but for the world; do likewise.
Your feet may be small, but travel much. Your hands may be little, but conquer much. Your eyes may be tiny, but perceive much. Your ears may be modest, but heed much.
The wise are like a river; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
Do not be unkind to others just because you are passing through difficult times because they are not responsible for your misery.
A rose would be miserable if it was forced to be a daisy, no matter how much water it was fed.
You cannot fast-forward time, you cannot rewind it, and you cannot pause it; you can only waste or benefit from it.
Knowing what to say is sense, when to say it is intelligence, how to say it is wisdom, why and how to say it is enlightenment.
Two minds are smarter than one.Two hands are stronger than one.Two hearts are mightier than one.Two souls are greater than one.
Esteem intelligence, cherish knowledge, and value understanding, but trust wisdom.
Skill gives you legs to jog, talent gives you legs to run, brilliance gives you legs to sprint, but genius gives you wings to fly.
A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.
Be humble as you learn, confident as you teach, and modest when you have mastered both.
Cherish every relationship in your life. There are certain things in life that can't be fixed if broken!
If you are angry for one second, it leaves you with only fifty-nine seconds of happiness.
Enough pain will keep you humble.Enough grief will keep you compassionate.Enough trouble will keep you strong.Enough hardship will keep you grateful.
The soul is a great magician; transforming thoughts into reality, desires into actions, and life into experiences.
The greatest weight a bird gives up when preparing to fly is fear.
And you must not worry about me. You must follow your dreams. You have your life ahead of you. I am just a wanderer passing by.
If the world gives you a thousand reasons to cry, find a thousand and one reasons to smile.
A bird that sings too much will only lose its voice, but a bird that does not sing at all will lose its symphonies.
The sun is never denied the light it gives; likewise, you are never denied the kindness you bestow.
Don't mourn over the past; it has no pity for you. Don't cry over the present, it has no sympathy for you, and I don't weep the future, it has no mercy on you.
A writer of any merit does not worry about being accepted everywhere. He must write to inspire, to change for the better or to challenge the status quo!
Your mind has the intellect to lift the world,your heart has the wisdom to better the world, and your soul has the genius to elevate the world.
You are no greater than the friends you keep, the books you read, the heroes you admire, and the obstacles you overcome.
Don't be afraid of being alone; remember, when the sun rises, it rises with nobody at its side.
Turn your failures into lessons, your obstacles into opportunities, your tragedies into triumphs, and in no time you will turn your dreams into reality.
A flower does not diminish in beauty, no matter how many weeds envy it.
Wisdom has a hundred eyes to see opportunities, courage has a hundred feet to seek opportunities, and strength has a hundred arms to seize opportunities.
Do not curse the well that quenches your thirst.
It is better to be a marble in a hut than a brick in a palace.
You are a product of your mind, a result of your thoughts, and a consequence of your actions.
Be wise enough to learn from the past, shrewd enough to capitalize on the present, and clever enough to prepare for the future.
Knowledge is the eldest daughter of wisdom.
Time is your acquaintance, life is your friend, death is your enemy, and existence is your soulmate.
You're destined for greatness, Life said. But first, I'm going to make you cry.
Don't judge a tree by its size, but by its fruit.
Beautiful beginnings are often born from ugly endings.
You only become truly rich the day you possess something that money cannot buy.
The lightest weight anyone can carry on life's journey is hope.
It is better to help an enemy than to harm a friend.
Dream like a child. Reason like an elder. Play like a youth. Work like an adult.
If you think too much, you will worry too much; if you worry too much, you will fear too much; if you fear too much, you will dread too much; and if you dread too much, you will suffer too much.
Seeds you plant today determine the harvest you reap tomorrow.
Teach the ignorant. Study the wise. Avoid the foolish. Embrace the enlightened.
Learn from acquaintances, and you are clever; from friends, and you are intelligent; from enemies, and you are shrewd; but learn from all, and you are wise.
In a crowd do not lose your individuality, and in your individuality do not lose the crowd.
Time is your acquaintance. Life is your friend. Death is your opponent. Eternity is your companion.
You may be poor, but important; uneducated, but wise; lowly, but noble; simple, but insightful; and ordinary, but great.
At ten, you are foolish. At twenty, you are naive. At thirty, you are alert. At forty, you are experienced. At fifty, you are wise.
An ounce of wisdom is worth more than a pound of knowledge.
A shrewd enemy will teach you more than a foolish friend.
One who is not afraid to die lives, and one who is afraid to live dies.
If birds did not believe in their ability to fly, the sky would be empty.
If you live in the desert, view the sun not as your enemy, but as your friend. If you live in the wilderness, view nature not as your adversary, but as your companion.
If the sky had no tears, the world would have no rainbows.
Every man or woman is born to be a Hero!
Find your uniqueness and embrace it with pride.
Learn more than others. Work more than others. Succeed more than others. Give more than others.
Water your dreams with fear, and they will wilt; with doubt, and they will wither; with hope, and they will grow; with faith, and they will flourish.
A bird will only fall from the sky when it stops believing in its ability to fly, and a fish will only drown in water when it stops believing in its ability to swim.
Know what you want. Pursue what you need. Realize what you ought. Attain what you desire.
Your mind is a gift. Your heart is a prize. Your soul is a blessing. Your life is a reward.
You were born to dream. You were born to strive. You were born to conquer. You were born to rise.
Worry makes you weaker, regret makes you sadder, hate makes you angrier, but hope makes you stronger, and love makes you happier.
Bad weather never stopped anyone from reaping a good harvest.
They know your face, but not your mind.They understand your words, but not your heart.They hear your name, but not your soul.They grasp your past, but not your future.
A kind stranger is better than an uncaring friend.
Ignore those who resent you. Avoid those who begrudge you. Excuse those who envy you. Pity those who hate you.
You are one thought away from intelligence, one word away from kindness, one deed away from excellence, one step away from brilliance, and one second away from transcendence.
A flower in a desert still has no reason to envy a thorn in a rainforest.
Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to come.
Never Beg SOMEONE to be in your life, You just have to believe that, You're worth more than you think
No matter how deep you bury good seeds, they always find a way to rise.
Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to comeEach thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle. Any day stands equal to the rest...will see; not all of the time your on that cycle..you better watch yourself.
The weak dread the storm, the foolish invite the storm, the wise avoid the storm,the strong battle the storm, and the great overcome the storm.
The past is your teacher. The present is your opportunity. The future is your reward.
What you think is a seed, what you say is the bud, and what you do is the fruit.
No matter how beautiful a rose is it must still grow in dirt.
Be careful how you treat those who you perceive to be below you. The universe has a way of favoring the underdog.
Only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro.
Wine had to be grapes first. Diamonds had to be rocks first. Butterflies had to be caterpillars first. Rainbows had to be storms first.
Keep planting new seeds until your mind becomes the earth that gives birth to new worlds.
Sometimes the things that destroy you, become the architectural blueprints which make your mind royal.
If you can dance like raindrops, there will always be sunshine.
If you can't find a few minutes every day for yourself, you don't have a complete life.
Sometimes the only way to gain someone's favor is to stop giving them yours.
Outer gavels can't crush you when your inner judge is love.
When the doors begin to close, the mind begins to open.
The quality of your relationships and the role they play in your life will influence who you will become.
Investing in your mind is the best investment you can make.
The deeper magic always comes, in the intense sorcery of your inner silence.
The impact of relationships can be subtle yet powerful. Make a conscious effort to them choose wisely.
Surround yourself with people who can help you grow into the person you want to become.
When choosing your relationships, be guided by your life's purpose, your vision and your dreams.
Work harder on improving yourself than on trying to forge better relationships.
Some people don't deserve your time and attention. Love them anyway.
Spend your time with people who recognise and appreciate your value.
Greatness has a fragrance. Get close to it and that fragrance will arouse your potential.
There is no such thing as a neutral relationship. All your relationships affect you - some pull you down and others lift you up.
Don't try to get even with those who wrong you, get ahead.
People who have created their success through hard work and the support of others are always looking for ways to help those around them. Don't be afraid to reach out.
We feel the most balance when we're not dividing ourselves on other people's scales.
Rigorously comb through the pages of your life until you can even speak its broken dialects fluently.
Beautiful silence is better than ugly speech.
If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.
When good things are on the horizon you keep walking towards the sun.
Life can't be rushed. It takes time to develop the wrinkles of wisdom.
Be patient with those who can't see your vision, because sometimes it takes time for eyes to adjust to the light.
We are filled vessels that gets to choose what we pour back into the world, and what we choose to share defines who we are.
Three kinds of people achieve illumination: those who learn, those who teach, and those who do both continuously.
Stir the world with your skills, shake the world with your talents, move the world with your brilliance, change the world with your genius.
Don't allow a negative experience effect your day for the worse. We may not have the power to control everything that happens to us, but we DO have a choice on how we react to it.
The next generation should embrace their struggles. A butterfly develops only after a struggle to break free from its cocoon. A diamond can only emerge after taking in all the pressure that it can. Struggle hard and never ever give up! You are born to be a Hero.
Knowledge gives you the world, intelligence gives you the sky, understanding gives you the stars, but wisdom gives you the universe.
The essence of coexistence is quite simple: live and respect how others live.
In helping yourself, you prove you are strong; in helping others, you prove you are compassionate; in helping many, you prove you are generous; if helping everyone, you prove you are enlightened.
If you can stay positive in bad situations, you are strong; if you can stay optimistic in hopeless situations, you are mighty; if you can stay hopeful in impossible situations, you are great.
Once you show someone your true colors it is impossible to paint over them.
Yesterday says, Forget me, but learn from me. Today says, Embrace me, yet utilize me.Tomorrow says, Anticipate me, then prepare for me.
Life is short, death is long, days are narrow, and years are wide.
If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.
A wise man doesn't start what he doesn't know to do.
Concerning mistakes, follow three simple rules. Firstly, correct a mistake that you made whenever it is possible. Secondly, don't repeat the same mistakes. Thirdly, learn from past mistakes.
Those who laugh with you when you laugh are acquaintances, those who cry with you when you cry are companions, and those who do both are friends.
Pain that results in success is better than pleasure that results in failure.
If you want little, give little; if you want much, give much; if you want all, give all.
Teach yourself. Help yourself. Improve yourself. Enrich yourself.
If you can stay positive in bad situations, you are strong; if you can stay positive in hopeless situations, you are mighty; if you can stay positive in impossible situations, you are great.
No one can steal your happiness unless you give them the key to your heart's safe.
I love my story. Sure it's been difficult, but it's the story that got me here, the reason I am who I am.
The garden of your dreams is watered by the sweat of excellence.
Life's exciting seas cannot be sailed unless you're ready to leave the port behind.
A lion is not afraid of walking alone, even if the whole jungle is pursuing it.
Do you want to resolve a conflict successfully? Don't wait, start a conversation.
A happy man doesn't reconsider life.
The ugliest storms paint the loveliest rainbows.
Water drops erode mountains not because of their size, but their persistence.
Sometimes people think the old days were better than today. Even though life was simpler and slower, it was not necessarily easier.
The tallest trees sometimes grow from the smallest seeds.
Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.
If the tranquillity is killing you, seek for the storm to save your life!
You can paint the whole sky black, but that won't keep stars from shinning.
If your greatest wish is to be happy, you are clever; if it is to make others happy, you are virtuous; but if it is to make yourself and others happy, you are wise.
The sun is intelligent because it never rises too early, and wise because it never sets too late.
If there is wisdom in your mind, prove it; joy in your heart, share it; love in your soul, show it; good in your life, impart it.
A small sharp axe clears a forest quicker than a big blunt one.
The early bird gets the worm, and the early fox gets the bird.
The worm's bad luck is the bird's good fortune.
A lion is born knowing how to hunt, but has to learn how to hunt well.
A dove struggling in a storm grows stronger than an eagle soaring in sunshine.
A tree is only as good as the seed it is stems from.
If you try to cultivate your talents in someone else's shadow, they might wilt.
Faith moves mountains, intelligence goes over them, wisdom goes around them, but love levels them.
I saw a man climb a mountain with no feet or hands and barely a stump for each arm and leg. At once I realized there was no excuse at all for me not to scale my own mountains.
The world is full of angels; if you can't find one, be one.
You are better than your past, greater than your present, and brighter than your future.
Be merry, because it confuses your enemies; happy, because it annoys them; cheerful, because it angers them; and joyful, because it kills them.
One who protects himself from negative thoughts protects himself from negative outcomes.
The greatest universe is not somewhere out there, but inside of yourself.
The most beautiful people are those who bring out the beauty in others.
Follow your dreams with all of your mind. Chase your dreams with all of your heart. Accomplish your dreams with all of your soul.
Your clock cannot buy you more time, your bed cannot get you more sleep, your titles cannot acquire you more influence, your fame cannot gain you more honor, and your money cannot earn you more happiness.
Think before you speak. Question before you judge. Examine before you decide.
If you have the power to think, you have the power to change your world.
If birds sing without worrying about who is listening to them, and monkeys dance without worrying about who is watching them, and hyenas laugh without worrying about who is mocking them, then you too must do what you do best without worrying about who is ridiculing you.
You will not get chances all the time, so don't miss any chance if you feel that it can hold you at the right place that you deserve.
When life is sweet, be thankful, and rejoice; but when bitter, be strong, and persevere.
Reward those who help you. Forget those who use you. Ignore those who judge you. Forgive those who wrong you.
One good friend is better than a thousand acquaintances.
Don't let some work to do it for later do it today because some time later will never come.
If its clear that you are doing right thing, just go ahead. But answer yourself first before doing something.
The greatest gift life can give you today is the promise of tomorrow.
Listen to all, believe few, count on some, but trust none.
The poorest man you can marry is not the one who lacks money, but the one who lacks character.
If you stop tending to flowers when they lose a few petals, you will never grow a garden.
The world sees you for what you are, but the universe sees you for what you can be.
When a storm shows up, always remind yourself a rainbow is hiding behind it.
If you want your inner light to shine brighter, illuminate someone else's.
Knowledge is the path, understanding is the way, wisdom is the highway, and enlightenment is the destination.
Let go of the past, even if it offers you Heaven; embrace the future, even if it offers you Hell.
A beautiful rose with an ugly soul wilts quickly.
A beautiful gift does not decrease in value because it is wrapped in ugly paper.
Peace doesn't mean never offending anyone. Peace means never taking offense from anyone.
A virtuous spouse adds years to your life, a wise one adds decades, but a loving one adds an eternity to your life.
Stuck in thoughts , Thoughts are drenching me , Urging to quarrel within - to quench .
I had a few people ask me if I might one day write my own autobiography. I just told them, 'It's already being written; through my books.
The most difficult door to open is the entrance to an ignorant mind.
The greatest lesson a tree can give you is to stand tall and proud, no matter how strong life's winds blow against you.
When hunting a lion it is wise to remind yourself that you too are being hunted.
Much of what happens in life is a chance.
Dear past, I survived you. Dear present, I'm ready for you. Dear future, I'm coming for you.
Skill follows the rules, talent breaks the rules, mastery shatters the rules, but genius makes its own rules.
If you have power, be just; wealth, be generous; knowledge, be wise; titles, be humble; and life, be grateful.
Thoughts can only hurt you with your permission, feelings can only wound you with your consent, experiences can only damage you with your authorization; life can only ruin you with your approval.
If seeds waited for perfect conditions to grow, there would be no plants in the desert.
In our most vulnerable hour, it is helpful to remember our creative power.
To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore all.
Opportunities, like roses, come with a beautiful fragrance, but also with thorns.
One who thinks for himself is a threat to his enemies, a refuge to his acquaintances, a prize to his friends, and a gift to the world.
As only dead leaves allow the wind to blow them to and fro, never allow yourself to be swayed by popular opinion.
Don't climb a mountain to look down on people below, but to get a clearer view of the stars above.
If they criticise you before they cheer you on, they are not your people. Simple.
Stars earn their brightest colors in the dark.
If you were able to fall a hundred times as a child and rise, you are able to fall a thousand times as a grown up and soar.
If you have a dream no one else can see, a reward awaits you that no one else can have.
If a lion invites you home for dinner, it is you he wants to serve as a meal to his guests.
A rough diamond is still worth more than a polished pebble.
The greater the number of fish a river bears the greater the number of fishermen that patronize it.
When life's great storms come, the weak sink, the cowardly jump ship, the strong drop an anchor, the mighty adjust their sails, and the great sail on to their destiny.
The ignorant learn from none, the simple learn from some, the intelligent learn from many, but the enlightened learn from all.
If you have food on your table, clothes on your back, a roof on your head, and a dream in your heart, you have everything you need in life.
If you guide others out of the dark, you are a star, even if no one knows your name.
Ignorance is your opponent, fear is your enemy, vice is your adversary, virtue is your friend, and wisdom is your helper.
When life's journey is wearisome, put on hope's shoes.
Words let you know what is in someone's mind, deeds let you know what is in someone's heart, and character lets you know what is in someone's soul.
Life is never just in your own hands ...
Simple survival is never as ordinary as it seems!
To help yourself, help others; to help others, help yourself.
If your present thoughts do not lift you higher than your previous ones, rid yourself of them.
True riches belong to those who shun false ones.
A lion does not become king of the jungle hunting mice.
It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.
Learn from the ocean; when it rises, it carries more than itself along with it.
Seeds, not doubting their potential, rise and become forests.
Welcome to the 21st century cosmopolitan world where biased thoughts preside over unbiased deeds, simple gestures become overrated gossip materials and injustice is a part of long term justice.
If you have a house but no home, you are homeless; knowledge but no wisdom, you are imprudent; acquaintances but no friends, you are lonely; money but no happiness, you are poor; and life but no joy, you are lifeless.
It is the belief that we instill in them that makes them work round the clock to ensure it comes true.
These trembling hands no longer have the confidence it exuded a few years ago. Hope has been extinguished and uncertainty is what remains for the rest of my days now.
Be happy when you work, thankful when you earn, cautious when you spend, shrewd when you save, and charitable when you give.
The less you want, the happier you are; the happier you are, the less you want.
If you shake a tree, fruit must fall, no matter how reluctant it is.
You need a companion for your thought process, more than a physical relationship.
You are a gift to the universe, but a package is only valuable if it allows itself to be unwrapped.
Your strength lies in knowledge, your power lies in wisdom, your treasure lies in understanding, and your wealth lies in life.
In a world full of pebbles dare to be a diamond.
Learn like an amateur. Train like a champion. Fight like a warrior. Triumph like a conqueror.
Don't waste time watering a weed hoping to transform it into a flower.
If you want to shine, sit before a lamp; if you want to shine brighter, sit before a fire; but if you want to shine the brightest, sit before a sage.
If you want to be strong, love yourself; if you want to be powerful, love others; if you want to be invincible, love everyone.
Confuse them with your intelligence, baffle them with your excellence, bewilder them with your brilliance, and perplex them with your transcendence.
Every second, the dial of life counts down for everyone; whatever you do be sure it's worth the time
To be ordinary, be normal; to be original, be different; to be valuable, be unique; to be priceless, be yourself.
A small sharp axe can cut down more trees than a big dull one.
It is on the canvass of the darkest storms that the brightest rainbows are painted.
You don't command wind in the direction it blows, but you command a ship in the direction it sails.
Great winds only challenge great trees.
To be happy: the simple pursue pleasure, the common pursue riches, the uncommon pursue knowledge, and the exceptional pursue wisdom.
If you fail a thousand times, find a thousand and one ways to succeed.
To achieve success, ignore doubt; fame, ignore haters; greatness, ignore fear; and immortality, ignore hardship.
If the road to your dreams is full of potholes, take the highway.
A wolf can only mock a lion thousands of miles away.
Snails do not despair for having short legs, but rejoice for being able to travel long distances in spite of them.
A flower blooming in a storm is stronger than a tree blossoming under a rainbow.
Happy is he who marries the woman he wants, happier is he who marries the woman he needs, and happiest is he who marries the woman he wants and needs.
No matter how tall and wide darkness is, it cannot block the stars.
The greater the fruit a trees bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Life constantly challenges us; it's not personal, just the natural process of growth and evolution.
Cheerfulness will help you draw strangers, cleverness will help gain acquaintances, faithfulness will help you keep companions, and kindness will help you multiply friends.
Make your wife happier, children wiser, yourself kinder, and you will make your life better.
Where the world only sees a seed, an optimist sees a tree.
One who conquers the sea today is ready to conquer the ocean tomorrow.
You have little control over the world around you, but full control over the world within you.
Life is what we make it , we were all born naked.
People should respect those who have the courage to go alone through life.
If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.
A warrior is defined by his scars, not his medals.
Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, and warriors wink at them.
Never give a negative thought an inch or it will take a mile.
Learn from roses; even when trampled they give off perfume, not despair.
When you count your blessings, count life twice.
Spend the beautiful days of your life to someone you want to spend with until your last breath.
If you have never walked a mile in someone's shoes, do not mock the soars on his feet.
To know and not to do, is not to know.
You are beloved; even if you were the last person on earth, the sun would rise for you.
A tree is honored for the size of its fruit, not the size of its leaves.
We might not get to choose who we're born as or where we come from, but only you can decide what becomes of you.
One who fishes in shallow waters limits the kind of fish he can catch.
I'm proud to be a work in progress.
Helping yourself is common sense, helping others is virtue, helping yourself and others is enlightenment.
Ears for wisdom, hands for work, eyes for opportunities, and a mouth for thanks.
If you have nothing but joy in this life, you are still rich.
A bird will only eat from a hand it trusts.
The sun does not rise to earn praise; it just shines, and the whole world pays homage.
If beautiful lilies bloom in ugly waters, you too can blossom in ugly situations.
A lion conquers more in one day than a sheep in a lifetime.
Fear is an assassin; if you let it in your life, it will kill your dreams.
When you put on your thinking cap make sure it's clean.
Just because everyone is behaving like a clown, it doesn't mean you have to join the circus.
An inch of light can conquer a mile of darkness.
Make your own luck, and then share it with others.
I didn't say I can change the whole world with all it entirety alone. But I can strike on a lot of things and cause a rift, and bring so many things together.
Living a short life as a proud person is more worthwhile than living a whole century as a chameleon.
The greater the fruit a tree bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Diamonds are proof that the most valuable things are sometimes formed in the dark.
The storm only comes to teach you how to skillfully sail your ship.
It is in the roots, not the branches, that a tree's greatest strength lies.
The early bird gets the first worm, but the wisest bird gets the fastest one.
As inside of every seed is the power to rise from darkness, inside of everyone is the power to rise from adversity.
A rock that perseveres under heat and pressure soon becomes a diamond.
If the storm forgets to bring a rainbow, paint your own.
Never set fire to a bridge while you are still crossing it.
Learn what you can, teach what you know, live how you ought.
If you want to double your happiness, pour it into someone else.
If you have much, be generous; if you have little, be grateful; even if you have nothing, be hopeful.
Whether the glass is half empty or half full, you have the power to fill it up.
One of the strange things about human beings is that they value only that which has a price.
Tigers cannot afford to care about what sheep think.
Life is like a rugby ball. You never know where it bounces next.
When the sails are strong a ship has no reason to fear turbulence.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and use it to hang your troubles.
The louder the dogs bark the less a lion feels threatened.
Your end can be greater than your beginning: butterflies are the greatest proof of this.
An exceptional Sensei has traits such as patience and integrity. Otherwise, natural fighting ability, cruelty and aggressive behavior may be observed in most animal predators.
The bad chapters of your life lead to the good ones if you keep turning the pages.
When your past tries to haunt you tell it you don't believe in ghosts.
The sun announces its presence with light, not words; do likewise.
When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, My life has just begun.
Even if I told you what scares me, you wouldn't understand how it feels.So just so you know, I've travelled roads I had no idea where they'd take me to.And maybe I don't know much about life and its horrors but trust me, I know enough.And I can fix everything, like I always have.
When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.
An Oak tree is a daily reminder that great things often have small beginnings.
A bird does not give up flying because it failed on its first attempt.
Every seed must rise through dirt to enjoy the sunshine.
Never allow yourself to be defined by your past; 'yesterday' is just a word, not a dictionary.
If the grass is greener on the other side, try planting better seeds.
Ignore your haters. Resist your fears. Embrace your dreams.
A daisy blooming in a desert is worth more than a rose blossoming in a rainforest.
When night comes do not despair; rejoice instead and say to yourself, At least now I can see the stars.
It can't be done, they told the caterpillar. It can, replied the butterfly.
If they ask you how rich you are, tell them to look inside your heart.
There is no smarter professor than life, and no wiser sage than experience.
In a world full of daisies dare to be a rose.
When you look up and don't see the stars, the universe may have cleared the sky for you to replace them.
While the whole world was asleep, the caterpillar was awake, working towards becoming a butterfly.
A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.
If seeds despaired in their darkest hours, they would never rise to enjoy their brightest days.
Darkness is a prison from which only light escapes.
Today's storms usher in tomorrow's sunshine.
Honesty is a great thing, if tempered with love.
say positive stay positive
They will turn you over, toss you about, fob you off, take you less seriously, because to get there, you must walk on your own feet.
Live your best and leave the rest
From all I learned about life, you can't lose yourself in others to discover yourself. You will get lost forever.
When a rock transforms into a diamond, lesser stones will not speak of its beauty, but speak of its unpolishedness.
Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.
The happiest people in the world are those who give happiness to others.
Smile, just to infuriate those who envy you.
And so in this reality, everything came unseen but perfectly felt. Here, everything shared possessed intensity. The vibrancy of energy moved from one good deed to another. Here one was bigger than his circumstances and here every interaction was multiplied. Here there was no work as every undertaking was a talented blessing.
Your deepest scars tell the world of your greatest triumphs.
When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.
If you have the power to put a smile on one person's face, you have the power to change the world.
Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.
When people try to pull you down, remember, they had to look up to do so.
Stop thinking you can't do something. All those thoughts you have going on in your head are made up lies. What are you afraid of? Success? Failure? No such thing as failure. You don't fail at anything. You experience, learn and grow.
Thoughts are powerful; before you were born, you were one.
The beauty all around you is insignificant in comparison to the beauty within you.
Standing alone is better than standing with people who don't appreciate you.
You trails are part of your life because the trails are the reasons to receive the life.
The rainbow's colors are hidden in the storm.
The darkest part of the storm paints the brightest part of the rainbow.
Be thankful to those painful moments of your life, because that has what shaped you to become who you are now.
A book is the only vehicle that can take you around the world in one hour.
To be knowledgeable, sit before scholars; to be wise, sit before life.
You don't choose the music your enemies play, but you choose which songs you dance to.
Yesterday, I was clever, I wanted to be rich. Today, I am wise, I want to be happy.
The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.
When excellence comes in at the door, failure flies out the window.
Women waste so much time wearing no perfume. As for me, in every step that I have taken in life, I have been accompanied by an exquisite perfume!
I come across too much material on "how to make a man want you", "how to make a man commit", "how to make a man finally pop the question", "how to make a man take you seriously", "how to get into a man's emotions." And I laugh. My dear fellow women, enough! Do not busy yourselves with such things! Instead, fall in love with yourself!
Human kind is made up of two sexes, women and men. Is it possible that a mass is improved by the improvement of only one part and the other part is ignored? Is it possible that if half of a mass is tied to earth with chains and the other half can soar into skies?
A strong woman builds her own world. She is one who is wise enough to know that it will attract the man she will gladly share it with.
A weapon men use against women is the refusal to take them seriously.
I'm not really silly enough to think that chocolate solves anything. But it calms me. It's a soothing assurance, that this hectic life I have worked myself into is also full of wonderful surprises and unexpected sweetness. It reminds me that a hefty percentage of my "problems" don't really need to be solved at all, just outlasted.
It seems to me there's this tyranny that's not accidental or incidental, to make women feel compelled to look like somebody they're not. I think the effort is being made to get us to turn our time and attention to this instead of important political issues.
Be the kind of woman who, when your feet hit the floor each morning, the devil says "Oh, no! She's up.
It's easy to make me laugh, you can make me laugh, anyone can make me laugh, but that certainly does not mean you can make me do anything.
She has fought many wars, most internal. The ones that you battle alone, for this, she is remarkable. She is a survivor.
When a friend of Abigail and John Adams was killed at Bunker Hill, Abigail's response was to write a letter to her husband and include these words, "My bursting heart must find vent at my pen.
Women lose their lives not knowing they can do something different..." from Two or Three Things i Know For Sure
Any rapist would feel pretty dang upset to see his car packed full with rotting fish heads and limburger cheese...Also, if the 542 women responsible were crowded onto the street where he lived, insisting that he move himself and his stinky car to another locale.Nobody likes to be pelted with 2060 bloody tampons.
Women are the nourishing power of the Universe. Whoever has deep respect for women of the world, will remain free from diseases.
If one can know how good a city is by its smell, one should know how good a society is by the women's status.
You are good enough to make whatever you want to achieve possible. You just need to find your talent and passion, then put a heck a lot of work into it.
What it is about Islam, I thought, that can make a woman so strong that she no longer strives to be noticed by men, no longer needs the admiring gaze to feel attractive, no longer puts herself on display when the rest of the world is doing just that?
When a woman says she doesn't want to be your fling, it doesn't mean she wants to be your girlfriend either. All the signs and words may just be her way of accommodating you or showing that you're good company, and not because she loves you at all to want more from you.
Why have I spent so long settling for less when I know damn well the world expects more?
Alanna Carrington, head witch of the Philadelphia Coven, hurtled his way, and with her, trouble was a guarantee.
Just as we tell women today to vote, in honour of the suffragettes who campaigned for the right to do so, we owe it to these female sports pioneers to draw inspiration from their stories, to continue the fight.
You should be proud of the pleasure you give to others' eyes.
I have an extremely strong, masculine mind and a feminine sensibility level, which is kind of an unusual combination. Both men and women tell me things and I can relate on two levels simultaneously.
Society doesn't owe us anything. I don't need someone to pay for my female hygiene products to feel empowered. Can we work? Yes. Can we vote? Yes. Do we have the same rights and opportunities as men? Yes. What rights are they [feminists] fighting for? What are they specifically? What don't they have?
Women empowerment begins at home!
The only rich women who ever interested me, the ones who were ever my friends, were adventuresses---people who were total self-creations.
You must understand: they fear you. There is nothing scarier in their minds than a girl who knows the power of her flames.
If only one generation takes action in raising their children as humans, rather than raising boys and girls, the future human civilization shall get rid of the sinister phenomenon of misogyny sooner than you can imagine.
Man is the master of Woman" - this statement may have been a glorious fact of primitive life in the wild, but it is nothing but an obnoxious stain on psyche of the thinking humanity.
Women have been the most intelligent, peaceful and positive influences in my life, I don't want to generalize too much, but definitely in my experience, I've found the whole macho world of male aggression and insecurity to be a lot more difficult to exist in.
I think we need more women in positions of power across the world. I think a lot of the world's problems could be solved if we allowed more contribution from women.
They were all slender, frail creatures with wondering eyes and soft fluttery voices. But they were all made out of thin invisible steel.
They were all slender, frail creatures with wondering Wes and soft fluttery voices. But they were all made out of thin invisible steel.
With fire we test gold, and with gold we test women, and with women we test men.
Maybe women forget days, but they always remember moments.
Surely we want to get to a point where women can be strong and powerful and not sexy. Or only sexy when they feel like it, not as a requirement to getting media coverage or being valued.
I think too often we forget that girls can like sport; we are not biologically programmed to detest it, we are - in the main - conditioned against it. But shouldn't we try to change that?
Flythe kitesof your soul,letyour spiritsoar.
If got chance, 90% of married women in this world possess the power to manage home, child and career simultaneously, and many are still doing it. The challenge here is that what percent of married men has the will to say - I will help you out.
Maybe exercise and sport can be something we do for ourselves. For fun! For Happiness! For clear thinking! Because physical activity should be something integral to our being alive. And it is the essential part that really concerns us here, not the bit about how many millimetres it might shave off your inside thigh measurements.
Using poise is not being fake; it is being professional, strong, and composed.
There is a root to every action, which is really a reaction to what is going on inside of us.
There is an inner beauty and outer beauty. Both have tremendous influence.
She is made up of depths even the ocean couldn't fathom.
I sometimes wonder how powerful are those Fortune 500 CEOs who can can't even change the way that list looks (leave aside how the world looks). And, I wonder what message do we send to our young girls, in classrooms across the world, who work as hard as our young boys but see only 20 CEOs out of those 500 who look like them.
When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against us?
Stop making someone else's looks your "#goals". By all means aspire to be a better version of your current self, but don't glorify others when you yourself are glorious.
Style is a sacred fashion.
Men love pleasure.
A Pheonomenal woman is driven by her divine given POWER: The acronym Power defines her qualities:Poised for successOpportunities are endlessWorks hard to achieve her goalsEnduring strength and vitalityReaps the rewards of her hard workA Phenomenal woman will get out of bed, when the whole world around her is falling apart.
Be the energy you want others to absorb.
Greatness is achieved through kindness, compassion, and love.
I am a woman with wings,' I once wrote and will revise these words again. 'I am a woman with wings dancing with other women with wings.' In a voiced community, we all flourish.
A woman is a blissful mother, a wonderful sister, a gorgeous daughter, and a friend with a kind heart who really cares. Wishing you a wonderful International Women's Day
When girls see women in leadership roles speaking out for what they believe in, they see it is possible for them, too. Instead of a faraway dream, their aspirations become real, concrete and achievable. Womanhood starts to look more inviting.
I am a feminist because in every woman I can see reflection of my mother.
Like nature, women are the creative power behind all of creation.
Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.
Women instinctually know how to nourish each other, and just being with each other is restorative
It's because our friendships - female friendships are just a hop to our sisterhood, and sisterhood can be a very powerful force, to give the world . the things that humans desperately need
Whatever you do, let it be lovely.
Love is alive when there's music in your heart.
Love is enough.
Let us go where skins are rainbowsEnhanced by every hue.Where genders are cloudsWeightless and formless through.Let us go where creeds are starsIlluminating our view.Where men and women are oneAnd the in-between are true.Let us go where I am free to loveFor I cannot unlove you.
I am RESILIENT, therefore, I am unstoppable. It's important to always remember who YOU are. No matter what challenges you may have to face, ALWAYS stay true to yourself and NEVER give up. Never!
Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it's okay. Don't feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You're just as important as anybody else.
Are you going to cater to the whims and prejudices of people who have no intelligent knowledge of what they condemn?
Remember, this is your day and your world.
Get off of my shoulders. The foundation has been laid, now its time for you to build on it and get to work.
[We're] going to change the world. One day they'll write about us. You'll see.
Anyone who knows me, should learn to know me again;For I am like the Moon,you will see me with new face everyday.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
There is no greater force for change than people inspired to live a better life.
The universe is so well balanced that the mere fact that you have a problem also serves as a sign that there is a solution.
Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change.
Distance was a dangerous thing, she knew. Distance changed people.
But what I wanted back had never really been there. He was a temporary illusion, a mirage of water after walking in the desert. I had made him up. And he could have killed me. You've got to stop the ride sometimes. Stop it and get off.
Change is not a four letter word...but often your reaction to it is!
All the repetitions in the pattern were superficial; the moment was always new. It had to be lived, and then the next moment embraced as it arrived.
But that's the challenge -- to change the system more than it changes you.
As you change your point of view, your views bring about a change in you.
Life needs a constant change, minds needs the constant change, only thing that is permanent in the world is change.
How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?
Those who can not adjust to change will be swept aside by it. Those who recognize change and react accordingly will benefit.
I had a long talk with Bruce Springsteen on a rooftop during the Vote for Change tour (in 2004). And it boiled down to this: That guy you used to be, he's still in the car. He'll always be in the car. Just don't let him drive. He might be shouting out directions. But whatever you do, don't let him get behind the wheel.
Our national emblem has four lions but unfortunately we have highlighted more lambs and wolfs than real lions of our country.
An airport is a potent place, a point of reunions and departures. For the traveler, it's a crossroads at the moment of decision, a flashpoint that separates intention from retreat.
CHANGE: Don't just talk about it, go out there and do it. Don't just meditate about it, go out there and create it. Don't just pray about it go out there and take action; participate in the answering of your own prayer. If you want change, get out there and live it. - Steve Maraboli
Embraced in Isaac's wings, I decided that change wasn't such a bad thing. It actually gave flight to a whole new world I couldn't wait to explore.
It's not enough that you move through the world - you must change it to suit your expectations.
Evolution is necessary for ones progress.. resisting it could make one sore in mind and spirit and then unable to enjoy the journey.
The winds of fortune tend to favour the sails of those who politely yell out to it, 'Nice to meet you!
To change the world, we must look inward. If we fill our hearts with peace and love, we will see the change.
Inside of you, there is the power to change your world. Believe in good and you will find good.
Life won't change if your mind doesn't change. A better life comes with a better mind.
WHEN A BIRD IS ALIVE... IT EATS ANTS....WHEN BIRD IS DEAD...ANTS EAT THE BIRD. TIME AND CIRCUMSTANCES CAN CHANGE AT ANYTIME. DON'T DEVALUE OR HURT ANYONE IN LIFE. YOU MAY BE POWERFUL TODAY.' BUT REMEMBER. TIME IS MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU.!!! ONE TREE MAKES A MILLION MATCH STICKS...BUT ONLY ONE MATCH STICK NEEDED TO BURN A MILLION TREES...
Everything is going to change. We just need to see how those changes are going to play out, for better or worse.
Change begins with ourselves.
The most important thing I can add from my own observations is this: Knowing it started from unremarkable circumstances should be a comfort to us all. Because it proves that you don't need much to change the entire world for the better. You can start with the most ordinary ingridients. You can start with the world you've got.
You have taught them to think differently. That is how we beat the bigotry. Class by class. Year by Year
All changes are born within.
Does the butterfly lose time in the months it grows from caterpillar to flying beauty? One day, I'm going to want to sleep twelve hours at a stretch and I won't be able to. I'm not losing time. I am going through a metamorphosis.
I don't care who you were. I don't care who you are and I am more concerned with who you're working to become.
Change your language, change your mindset, change your actions, change your life
The way I see it, you can live your life as is, continuing to feel like an underdog, or you can step up. Be someone who matters, and make a change.
Take the chance, change is possible.
Let us remember to always rediscover one anotherbecause we are forever changing.
The most profound personal growth does not happen while reading a book or meditating on a mat. It happens in the throes of conflict-when you are angry, afraid, frustrated. It happens when you are doing the same old thing and you suddenly realize that you have a choice.
The biggest opportunity for light to have extreme impact is where there is extreme darkness.
Solution reigns supreme to those who see solution as the only way.
We, human beings , are strong because we are capable of change .
Reality is never clear, said Boris. It's never final. You can always change it or see it a different way.
Life isn't sugarcoated. Why should coffee be?
People don't like getting older, but they do like changing. Staying the same is a kind of death.
One of the greatest challenge in life is not having an attitude but knowing or accepting that you have one
Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.
Why crawl like a caterpillar when you have the wings to be a butterfly?
Change is inevitable and the ultimate way of life. Change creates new opportunities for new beauties in life.
The only period where there is lesser competition for opportunities are during times of difficulties.
Don't wait for the world to change, be the change you wish to see in the world.
In life we can never really value peace unless we experience war.
Change can only stop, if THINKING stops.
Never feel intimidated by defeat nor death, but rather intimidate life with your dreams.
The SECRET to unravelling Life's MYSTERIES is thinking.
Change becomes a waste for those who do not desire to learn from it. It pushes us to bring out our personal best. It makes us realize that we are uniquely different with the capabilities to grow and shine brightly.
I choose to be a victor, and not a victim of change.
Change is uncomfortable and awkward at first. It has a ripping effect on those who refuse to go along with it. It is not fixed by crying, or worrying, or wallowing in self-pity and mental anguish.
Change can only work in two ways - for the better, or for the worst. Yet, regardless of whatever manner in which change comes into our lives, what matters is how we view it and how we react to it.
This transformationbegins in the spinningof the soul,hanged upside down,massively re-arranged,motion light.By inch the radicaltakes place the old is decomposed, the gruesome has been destroyed melting into something beautiful.What has seemed to harm youbrought you to life.- CHANGE, A Poem
Your love opened up a whole world that no amount of books or wisdom could ever do.
We all have the ability to make someone's life better with our love.
Until you learn to think global,your fort shall remain your local domain.
Unless you are ready to give up something valuable you will never be able to truly change at all, you'll forever be in the control of things you can't give up.
Today's temporary disappointment means tomorrows permanent appointment.
I know there are days when we want to be liked by others a little more than we want to change the world. But, if we decided to speak up a little more and hesitate a little less, we will begin making ripples of change.
When people ask me what it is that I want to achieve in life, I always tell them that I want to be able to make positive change in spite of all the issues that the world faces today.
The scariest part of discovering that you have the power to change your life, is not doubting if you can do what it takes to achieve your goals: it is the realization that you are now responsible, and there's nothing out of yourself to blame.
There is no good reason why we should not develop and change until the last day we live.
As change is a constant - as our houses, our money, our friends, our things and even our lovers can always disappear - the one thing that we will always remain the closest to, will be our minds and our bodies.
How things change,' I say, 'how strange that, even when all is lost, we can still find beauty in simple things.
When you choose to act on your problems, you cease to be a victim of circumstance and become a force of change; that's when you transition to not only being a survivor, but to being a leader or hero too, and an inspiration to those still in the victim's mindset.
I'd always heard people say and I'm sure you heard it too, Change takes time. But, my parents taught me the more important lesson, very silently but with even greater clarity, Change takes time. But, it also takes people. People who are willing to put in their everything. Change doesn't happen by itself.
Change needs us. Change needs people who are willing to invest themselves and their time and their energy and all that they can in making it happen. And, remember, if we don't quit; if we choose to walk the more difficult path; if we refuse to give up, no matter how long the road or how steep the climb; we will make change happen.
In modern time slowness is new sickness.
I write our names on the page.What of it, if the paper will be burned?I write our names in the sand.What of it, if the shore will be washed by waves?I write our names on trees that will be cutand benches that will be painted,but what of it?I will keep on writing our namesbecause in this world of ephemera, You and I are the only constant.
Throughout her life, she held firm to her belief that even the smallest acts of kindness and generosity by the least of us can cause a ripple effect to change the world. Nina Wirk, Human Again
Think not of the fragility of life, but of the power of books, when mere words have the ability to change our lives simply by being next to each other.
People fail because one of two reasons:1: They don't know what to do to improve2: They know what to do and simply aren't doing itEither way you can take action and change your life.
Think not of the fragility of life, but of the power of books, when mere words can change our lives simply by being next to each other.
Look in the mirror and be sure you're living out the person you see and not a shadow.
Change isn't closing the door on the old, it is opening the door on the new.
Life changes therefore think of change when change is a must. Change such things which you have to change when you have to change things for the longer you think of changing things, the more things keep changing. The best tomorrow is today! Be swift and think of change!
If you think we can't change the world, it just means you're not one of those who will.
Whatever you are not changing, you are choosing.
Before you, nothing.Now you, and everything
Love is the greatest force to change human heart.
Our call to action is to be in the flow of life, accepting life as it is and as it comes. We must allow life to be life in all its impermanent grandeur. Nothing remains the same, and those who fight change, or are in denial of it, create chaos within their own lives and the lives of those they have influence over.
I am not a believer of the law of attraction (though I do not deny the possibilities of it to be true), but I firmly believe in the ability of making choices, the ability to take conscious decisions.
What we are is what we receive. It is not about waiting for something outside ourselves to change - we must actively be the change if we wish to see the result.
Change is the rule. Permanence is an illusion.
Keep living the best you could possibly offer life. You might not literally change the world if that's your original dream, but you would change, inspire, and make a difference in one person's world with the best of your world. Then you'd realize the truth that, one is too many.That, my dear, is the right step in the direction of changing the world.
We travel to see the reflection of our minds on the mirror of changes so that we may enrich ourselves.
If you want to change situation, first change your thoughts and perceptions.
With every moment and every heartbeat, we change even though we still fear change.
If we want to see real change in our world, it begins with us all on an individual basis.
Some of the greatest miracles one could ever receive in their life is the ones that happen when their faith and action has been applied.
Change is often overrated: at times, all you need to change is how you change what you change in your life.
Having a positive attitude gives you the power to uplift, the power to create change, the power to motivate, the power to inspire, the power to influence, the power to cultivate happiness, and the list goes on.
To change the world, the best thing that you can do is to accept changes with love.
Stories change the world.
Accept changes but be persistent with the process.
Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless.
There is beauty everywhere; even in the dark, there is light, and that is the rarest kind of all.
She was so intelligent that she could think herself into beauty. Intelligence...they don't talk about it much, the poets, but when a woman is intelligent and passionate and good...
Everything changes, but beauty remains.
I used to think that if I were a certain kind of person I would spend all my time creating something beautiful. Well, it turns out I am, and I am.
And if you can't see anything beautiful about yourself, get a better mirror. Look a little closer. Stare a little longer. Because there's something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit.
When people first discover beauty, they tend to linger. Even if they don't at first recognize it for what it is.
Beauty appears when something is completely and absolutely and openly itself.
As beauty lies in eyes of beholder, struggling lies in reaching further. 
I had to clear up my messy life. By letting go of the debris and filth, I have come to a deeper, more soulful beauty and clarity like an oasis in the desert. From that place of clarity, a vision of what I could have, what I could do, who I could be has emerged if I allow my heart to become a place of compassion, acceptance and forgiveness.
Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty we
When life is not coming up rosesLook to the weedsand find the beauty hidden within them.
Thirty spokesShare one hub.Make the nothing therein appropriate, and you will have the use of the cart.
Yet, even amidst the hatred and carnage, life is still worth living. It is possible for wonderful encounters and beautiful things to exist.
A personality for the incredibly beautiful can be a pointless cargo...
Yet, he thought, if I can die saying, "Life is so beautiful," then nothing else is important. If i can believe in myself that much, nothing else matters.
To devote yourself to the creation and enjoyment of beauty, then, can be a serious business-not always necessarily a means of escaping reality, but sometimes a means of holding on to the real when everything is flaking away into. rhetoric and plot.
Creativity leads others to where I lead you, to an unseen beauty, so ineffable its very beauty destroys itself...
That is her style of beauty.
She's beautiful,' he murmured.'She's a metre across the hips, easily,' said Julia.'That is her style of beauty,' said Winston.
It was the most beautiful moment that was so perfect you felt like you could just die. It was like the first time you ever heard Dido and Aeneas' When I am laid in earth. A moment so pure you feel like you're dreaming and begin to question your own mortality that could be capable of and rival such innocent beauty.
She lifts a bowl of kheer and her thoughts, flittering like dusty sparrows in a brown back alley, turn a sudden kingfisher blue.
Brother, when beauty falls into your hand, you hold on to it while you can. You could be dead tomorrow.Well, that's... inspiring.
If one can picture the words, then the works of the writer is an accomplishment!
Beauty lies in the eye.
The best self is a beautiful soul.
She wished to appear only in the full radiance of her beauty. Oh yes, she was quite vain! And her mysterious adornment had lasted days and days. And then one morning, precisely at sunrise, she showed herself.
Self-growth does not always mean that we've changed. It means that we've stopped listening to what others say we 'ought' to be doing and finally live our lives according to our own values.
All that is beautiful can only be felt.
The beauty of being!
The beautiful soul!
Is there any beauty like the bliss of being?
Beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship. What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That's how the human brain works. It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
When I put on makeup, I'm not doing it to pander to antiquated patriarchal ideas of feminine beauty. I'm doing it because it makes me feel good.
What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That's how the human brain works.
Beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship.
Real is the new beautiful
Let the beauty of sunrise, keep your heart warm.
Explore the beauty of existence.
Sacred being is beauty.
Your skin has a memory.In ten, twenty, thirty years from now, your skin will show the results ofhow it was treated today.So treat it kindly and with respect.
Beauty, real beauty, ends where an intellectual expression begins
Find something beautiful to focus on daily and allow Inspiration to have its way with you.
Attempt always to uncover the beauty in everyday surroundings. If you cannot find it, then be the one to create it.
To every corner of the planet, to the young and old, to all humanity. I see your beauty. I really do.
She's like the rarest of jewels, too precious to be worn, and too valuable to tarnish.
What you humans need to do is find beauty in the fact that something is naturally the way it is. Perhaps then you wouldn't be so destructive." [Meems says to Ellani]
There is an incredible beauty in your touch, it can heal the gravest wounds. And in your smile, that can easily mend any broken heart.
We were created with great beauty. We must strive to look our best at all times. It's a gift we give to others.
A beautiful woman is one with a beautiful heart. She may be covered with mud or sores but only her foot fit the glass slipper.
I can sense your love,why leave me in darkness?Beguile me for your amusement,stealing my soul without kisses. You are the sun and I, the moon. Your beauty is reflected in my eyes.When we are apart, I am extinguishedin the blackness of these skies.
Character. Intelligence. Strength. Style. That makes beauty.
It is said that 'Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder'. I say, 'Perfection lies in the heart of the receiver.
Prayer beautifies you
Beauty isn't skin-deep. It's bone-deep. Heart-deep. Soul-deep. Only put to sleep. When we prick our finger on fear. Beauty can't be bought or made. It can only be awoken through laughter, and living, and love. Through being you and being true.
True wealth does not glitter. It is revealed by the beauty of a life well lived.
Try your best, before any rest. Life gets its beauty from the best.
Uniconsciousess is a consciousness and awareness that everything, everyone, every beauty, every life, and every thought arises from the same thing. We are one. We are different expressions of one.
Always be excited about your life. Try to find and create beauty in and around you. Give away your love and smiles as much as you can. Be content and happy with what you have.
Darkness has its own beauty that you can only see with your inner light.
When I started to focus on all the beauty all around me, my whole world became amazingly beautiful.
Even if you walk through a beautiful garden, you will not be able to find the beauty if your heart is not ready to bloom.
If you cannot find and appreciate the beauty of your own thoughts, how can others appreciate you?
Beauty is all around you. To find it, you need love filled eyes to search for it.
A smile is the flower that grows in the garden of the heart to beautify and attract the butterflies of life.
Chaos is nothing more than beauty about to dance.
The spiritual process does not look outward to find beauty, but it is a process of looking inwards to see the inner beauty.
When we see and appreciate the beauty in others, we tend to absorb it and make it ours.
For a short time, your beauty is an important matter. It the long run, what is important is what you are.
When we emerge into the beauty of a dancing peacock, our spirit dances with joy.
Enjoy the beauty of a peacock to reveal your own beauty on the canvas of your mind.
Pitfalls he must find on that journey, blind paths perhaps, but through it all the philosophy of belief in the essential goodness, the actual significance of things created, the state of being, 'in love with life.
It's good to feel attractive on the outside, but being smart and confident on the inside is what counts.
There is beauty in thinking independently.
It's like people don't only look good when they look like a magazine. People can be aesthetically beautiful in the way sunsets and leaves and things are.
The starry night moon was smiling with beauty and charm that let me know that I am the star in her sky, and she loves me forever.
Only you can see true beauty when you focus your beautiful light on things.
If you want to see beauty, look with love and appreciation and you will find it.
To live a positive life, think positive and find beauty in every situation.
Details" is the beauty of this life.
Come into my world. I will show you the phenomenon that Stendhal experienced. I will help you feel the cascading arpeggios of Wagner's overture. I will dance to Doga's waltzes with you. A day spent without appreciating the beauty surrounding us is a waste. Let me appreciate you
If you can't handle me with a messy bun, then you don't deserve me with a fabulous blowout.
I think whenever there's potential for beauty, beauty can be found. And everything has potential for beauty.
You are one of the most beautiful and unique flowers in the garden of humanity.
I guess it's human nature to question yourself, to question why all the pain has had to happen? sometimes there isn't any answers it just is what it is and how we make ourselves feel and see through that, is what will determine how we move forward.
The moon teaches us that darkness can't hide the beauty of life if we know how to reflect beauty.
In the depth of deep sadness, I was able to appreciate the beauty of life.
When you can see and reveal the amazing beauty of others, you will be the kind of person that attracts others.
To manifest the beauty of life, think beauty, dream beauty, and see the beauty in the simple things all around you.
When we appreciate a flower, we are really appreciating the beauty of our amazing minds.
Open your mind to fill it with everything that is beautiful. Ignore the rest.
Nature is always inviting you to see her beauty and power. She is attracting you with her dance, song, and love.
Like the morning sun, add sparkle, beauty, and warmth to the lives of others.
To find beauty, rise above conformity and find opportunities.
To reveal the beauty of life, let your tears wash away the shadows of darkness.
Life will not last forever. Enjoy its beauty and joy while you are here.
See beauty everywhere, and let your heart dance with it.
Beauty is dad kissing mom's hand when it cramps.Beauty is seeing a Persian woman dance.Ugly is not the absence of beauty.Uglyis the inability to identify it.The inability to be surprised by it.It is the persistent reluctance to be made a child by it.Beauty is simplythe manifestation oflove.
Truth falls from the heavens like rain, gently carving many channels in the earth. Your truth may be different from my own, yet both are still true.
Many people have the confused idea that peace will happen when all the colors in the palette are the same. The actuality of peace is accepting each color's differences and seeing the beauty each possesses.
The beauty in the heart is the beauty of body, soul and spirit.
Not your appearance, but your humility and power of love define your beauty.
The beauty of your soul depends on your thoughts more than what is going on around you.
Love brings passionate patience to create a wonderful world of beauty and magnificence.
Winning or losing is a perception, but learning is beauty.
There is no beauty like a face with a joyful smile.
Always seek beauty to create a beautiful life.
Most beautiful things comes to us free of charge.
We learn to earn and to enhance the beauty of our lives.
A woman is the symbol of love, beauty, harmony, nature, and care.
A flower just blooms without knowing who will enjoy and appreciate her beauty.
One day, your light will silence the darkness, and you will be surrounded by the beauty within.
Believe so brightly that everyone sees the beauty in believing.
Like a rose bud, my heart always desires to bloom and spread the fragrance of love, beauty, and kindness of mankind.
We appreciate things not for their beauty but for how they kindle our minds' generosity.
To grow unique beauty, be wild and live in the wilderness of your mind.
Always expect that something beautiful and wonderful will happen to fill life with beauty.
When you are able to understand the language of silence, you will be able to see the beauty of the invisible.
Beauty is a heart with wings.
Beauty is the manifestation of love.
I think falling in love is like discovering the magic of books. You think to yourself, 'how was I living before this?
Let love bloom like a flower with the fragrance of the garden of your heart filled with beauty, joy, and happiness.
Like nature, we must grow with tranquility, beauty, harmony, and love.
To enjoy the beauty and abundance of life, revitalize your life.
The subconscious mind is the product of universal consciousness, universal knowledge, and universal beauty. It is the reflecting mirror of our conscious mind. The subconscious mind is always eager to manifest through our conscious mind.
Seize the day and explore the allure of life.
Never forget to appreciate yourself and to reveal your own inner beauty.
To see the beauty, love
Life is about cherishing memories, getting lost in moments of beauty, and enjoying profound joy and happiness.
The majestic mountain is swimming in the eternal lake of beauty, love, and tranquility.
The level of consciousness defines the beauty of our lives.
Shift your consciousness to a higher consciousness to see the beauty and joy all around you. Immerse yourself in beauty and will see everyone will be eager to join you.
Live in the beauty of love to live in peace.
Your real beauty is hidden in your heart.
The beauty of the stars, moon, and oceans are a reflection of my heart.
It is the beauty of life that makes our lives worth living.
Without love, life is empty and has no beauty.
You are the beloved conscious reflection of this universe. You are here to enjoy the beauty and joy of life.
Your level of consciousness defines the beauty of your life and destiny.
I am here just to honor your beauty, love, and life. We are the reflection of each other. We are one.
To smell and enjoy the beauty of this precious journey we call life, decorate yourself with luscious scenic nature.
The beauty of blue water touches my heart and lovingly invites me to swim with her.
I belong to love the world and its endless beauty.
Beauty is the smile of a loving heart.
Beauty is not always in the face, but it is always in confidence.
Confidence is the ultimate beauty.
Happiness is the ultimate beauty of life.
Be what you are and sing a song of beauty and love.
The beauty of a face is transient, but the beauty of a loving heart is everlasting.
Just breathe the beauty of life.
To enlighten your life, see beauty.
All of the stories, all of the beauty, all of the songs and events of this life will vanish in the ocean of time.
Teach a child to love his world deeply so that he may find the beauty and joy of life.
Listen to the sunset...see its pretty hue... When you see it, think of me...and I'll think of you...
For me, a hearty laugh is one of the most beautiful sounds in the world. It's a way of life!
Find beauty in the madness.
When your heart is open, your eyes see the beauty that is all around you.
We are artists. When we can't find the beauty, we create it.
She went looking for beauty but never looked inside herself.
Breathe in the beauty all around you.
Time unfolds beauty, wonder, and mystery to reveal the auspicious tapestry of life.
With grace and beauty, feel.
It is true love that can activate the beauty and power of true genius.
Art is an expression of inner beauty.
To enjoy the beauty of life, live profoundly in the present moment without the fear of the past or future.
My thoughts and imaginations are little seeds. I want them to grow tall and strong like a tree. I plant them in the soil of paper and let them grow to shade and support the world with beauty, love, joy.
You will make the world a magnificent place with the magic of your kindness, beauty, peace, and happiness.
A wonderful person finds amazing beauty in everything and everyone.
Not the eyes, but the heart sees the beauty.
Until your last breath, you may not be able to see the true beauty of life.
Open the beauty of your heart and smile like a flower.
Philosophy, in its simplest form, is the exploration of the beauty and ugliness of life.
Those who love to live enjoy the beauty of life.
Life is a journey of a cell enjoying the beauty of this universe.
Beauty often depends on not how you look but on who you are.
A beautiful poem is nothing but a mirror of philosophy through which we can see life's pure beauty.
A flower blooms to reveal her beauty just to express her gratitude for all the life, love, and light.
To enjoy the song of love and beauty, just get lost in the wonders of nature.
May the flowers of spring bring beauty and joy to your world everyday.
We have eyes to see beauty and a heart to love and appreciate it.
Believe that you are unique with infinite love and beauty in your soul.
To become truly beautiful, learn to see the beauty all around you.
Hope is like a bud that holds the hidden beauty of a flower.
You have magic in your heart. Unfold the magnificence of your magical beauty.
You are born to be magical, gorgeous and beautiful inside and out. So express your beauty and fear not.
Magic is in simplicity. Simplicity is the ultimate expression of beauty.
The beauty of a woman is not in her facial makeup but in the kindness of her soul.
Beauty is not in a woman's face but in her soul.
So beautiful but so bountiful.So delicate but so fresh.So magical but so simple.So much to say but yet so silent.So loving and so pleasant.Oh, flowers of charming love,You are life's joy and present.
Every new friend is a fresh flower with endless beauty, love, and joy.
Let your life be a vivacious poetry of love, compassion, kindness, and beauty.
Beauty is in the reflection of your love that is always present in your heart.
The world is full of beauty; to find it, just look for it.
You are most beautiful when your heart is full of love and your mind is soft and kind.
Every woman is distinctly beautiful because every woman has a motherly instinct.
The more beauty you see, the more beautiful you become.
To see beauty, you have to love.
The beauty of life is in happiness.
Through the window of my soul and the mirror of my mind, I was looking for the beauty of my life. I could not find it, but I found it in the glint of a dew drop at the edge of a dancing leaf.
Life is a duty and an eternal journey in search of beauty.
Quality depends on kindness. Beauty depends on simplicity. Joy depends on generosity.
Focus on beauty to have a beautiful life.
We are always looking for beauty and forget that it is residing inside of our own hearts.
Focusing on the beauty of life is insight. Enjoying the beauty of life is happiness.
When I escape from my cage of conformity, I grow wings to fly in search of truth and beauty.
Act for the joy and beauty of action not for the fruits of creation.
To enjoy the beauty of life and the joy of your soul, serve, love, and give the best you can.
Breathtaking beauty is just over the barrier that you always fear.
Without harming anyone, how can I make this world more peaceful? How can I help others to fulfill their desires? How can I enhance and enrich the beauty and happiness for humanity?
Silence is the language of nature and beauty where perception and feelings are the only reality.
Imagination is a roller coaster ride in search of ideas and beauty into the wonderland of subconscious and conscious mind.
Beauty doesn't fade, it remains forever
In every aspect of life, be true to who you are. There is no need to communicate subliminally. If you believe in your words or actions, then express yourself completely. Live, Laugh, & Love without regrets.
The beauty of friendship is loyalty.
Your life is your canvas. You are responsible for the beauty of your art.
The beauty of truth is in its simplicity.
If you look for beauty, you will find it.
There was a product which seemed attractive, expensive, portable, beautiful and simple. Everybody talked about its beauty but they bought it for it's simplicity.
Life is a one way journey. Don't forget to enjoy the amazing beauty.
Susie: Doesn't it make you feel kind of awesome that the world is beautiful for no other apparent reason than that it is? Like beauty has its own secret reason. It doesn't need human eyes to notice. It just wants to be glorious and unbelievable.
How can you find new beauty if you are never allowed to get out of conformity?
I am a practical person. Always believed in multi purpose tools, good education and limited conversations .... and then I saw her!
I am not a teacher. I can only inspire you and show you how to unfold your own beauty.
Music reveals the deepest beauty of the soul.
To make life beautiful--every time you think--think about the amazing beauty of life.
Beauty is the expression of passion of life.
Love is the beauty, the flower, the fragrance, and the attractive force of our soul.
Fill yourself with beauty to overflowing.
Always find the opportunity to express and enjoy the beauty of love.
To be magnificent, attract beauty like a magnet.
When you are soul-centered, you can focus your attention where and when you want to, easily, without distraction. You know to look for what you want to see and experience. You know that what you seek you shall find, and what you focus on in life will be more prominent in your awareness. You know your awareness is powerful and creative." ~ Sarah McLean
Your life is fragile. Your body, mind, and soul need to be protected, loved, and cared for. Make sure your actions provide love and health to yourself.
I am so Thankful in the knowledge. If I want to learn something I can study it. However, If I want to have something etched in my Soul, I must Teach it. Always remembering that each of us teaches best that which we, the teacher, most need to learn
Let thy possession be the prosperity of the soul.
The soul can only be sustained by the spirit.
Love is the divinity of two souls in oneness of spirit!
You have to experience you own life just as death.
What is the fire in your soul?
Seek the prosperity of thy soul.
I'm interested in this humbler approach, one that is more accepting of human foibles, and indeed sees dignity and peace as emerging more from that acceptance than from any method of transcending the human condition.
Sacred being is a beautiful soul.
The longer you resist the calling of your soul the harder it is to find your way back. Intuition isn't instilled in us for nothing, it's the movement inside us that we must listen to if we want the void to vanish.
We are discouraged, when we fail to nourish the soul with its spiritual food.
Our soul is an instrument of music if we choose to play it with love!
There is a sacred potential in every soul.
Open up allowing the temporal and eternal self to dance deeper into the conversation.
The idea self is sacred soul.
This journey has nourished my soul in a way I couldn't have imagined.
Guilt: it comes in so many subtle forms. It's carbon monoxide for the soul.
Give yourself permission to let it hurt but also allow yourself the permission to let it heal.
There is a chest inside my heart, where a magical world is hidden. With my novels, I hand to you the key to that world.
Love and intuition are both the language of the soul. Speak soul.
Don't let your consciousness polluted by the sheen of the clothing. White, black, brown or any color of the skin is nothing but the clothing we are born with and remember that eventually we all are connected dots of this universe through our souls.
I remained Lailah, the redeem soul.
In my silence and stillness, my soul dances with the ecstasy of life.
When the soul is set on fire, great things manifest.
Music can touch that deepest portion of the soul where nothing else can reach. It can fill our hearts with indescribable ecstasy.
I urge you to sit with yourself for 5 minutes and pour your heart out, ask yourself the serious questions ~ not the day to day duties we get caught up in. I can assure you, the 5 minutes spent reflecting on the life you have lived and how much more you're yet to achieve will spark something in you that we all forgot we have.
who are you to teach me about life " she said"I'm yourself in just another body " he said nd smiled "but i dont know all this" she wondered "we know everything but we have forgotten our real self nd replace it with false identity, whatever you see is the extension of your self nd i hope one day you will able to relize that " he said without expression
Don't lose heart, we're just rusty angels.
The magic of life hides in the dusty corners of chaos and you must sweep out the cobwebs of confusion before you reach the calm & euphorically moments; your soul believed, existed all along.
She had something more than material value ~ she had a soul, no money could buy.
Listen.Do you see that you can't hear snowfall?Look.Do you sensethat you can't see love?Touch.Do you graspthat you can't catch poems?Try.Smell this glass. Go on taste this cloud.These material senses won't get you far untilyou feelthe velvet glove caress your soul.
We must remember that beauty is dictated from the spectators opinion therefore anyone can be beautiful depending on who is watching you
A smile is a reflection of the simplicity of the soul.
To sought out solace within yourself is the most difficult challenge and is quickly ignored by many, thus can only be achieved when you find truth within oneself
Stop following the con artists, instead become the greatest and brightest artist ever to exist and let others follow your light instead
You become free like you always dreamed, yet you realise that every land is different and you do not belong anywhere yet you live everywhere and that we all share the same lands except you seem to be the only one who realises this fact
To make one think is to change a generation, to build one thought is to grow a better world
The glory of age is a gorgeous soul.
Hardship is the hardest moment to soften the soul.
In deep suffering, you know the sacred soul.
Caring for your body, mind, and spirit is your greatest and grandest responsibility. It's about listening to the needs of your soul and then honoring them.
Kind heart, kind soul.
Music, dance and meditation are the best medicine for body, soul and spirit.
If you do not sow good deeds, you fail to flourish your soul garden.
All the material wealth cannot satisfy the soul.
Keep seeking the spirituality of thy soul.
When in love, every soul becomes a poet.
The soul who does not live to give the best, deny the sacred self of full strength.
The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.
There is deliverance for every daring soul.
Her words are her wings. She's flying.
A loving heart, determination, faith, courage, trust, belief, truth, and a solid soul create the wings with which we fly.
Every day is not a day to master but an adventure to experience.
Be still in peace and reach your highest peak.
Life is magic.
Kind words change the world.
Film gives us a second chance at a first impression.
May your soul be rooted in love.
The best writing speaks when the heart whispers.
Nature is always talking to you, smiling to you, and singing to you. To understand, you just have to be open to listen with your heart and soul.
Only from the soul can you see the magic.
Drizzle happiness wherever you go.
The soul gets tougher with every endure situation.
Be confident in spirit and courageous in soul.
We hold that happenings which may even compel the heart to break cannot break the human spirit, or rob it of its most essential qualities.
Love protects and preserves the soul, spirit and the body.
The dance of the soul!
Surrender to your soul and spirit.
Redeem soul, resurrect spirit.
One soul, the Saviour, changes the course of history.
Love is the mighty force of mind, soul and body.
Waste no time to compare yourself with others. Find your soul.
Love set the soul on spiritual fire.
In the darkness time, the soul evolves to give light to the spirit.
The storm transforms the soul.
Spirituality is the food for the soul, spirit and the body.
How can you find your soul, if you please every soul?
Your mind fuels the state of your soul, spirit and body.
Close your eyes. Hear the silent snow. Listen to your soul speak.
Give all of life's oxygen to the fire that is your soul.
Fly with a kind heart, a light spirit, and a resilient soul.
I have the heart of an artist and the soul of a writer.
Good food warms the heart and feeds the soul.
Epiphanies awaken the soul.
If you don't think screenwriting is a work of art, good luck in your life without a soul.
Write what speaks to your soul.
The personal screenplay- where you dive into the terrifying depths of your soul, unearth the most intimate details about yourself, and put it on paper for the world to see. Proceed with caution, for madness lies ahead.
You are always going to meet disturbances outside yourself, it's the experience of living ~ There will be dark days and there will be days of laughter and somewhere in between you'll create a healthy balance within yourself and call it a life. We can't stop the storm, but we can learn to watch it pass.
Music is the song of eternal love which touches the soul and fills us with joy.
Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.
It is always a joyful spring when your heart can dance and your soul can sing.
Writing is like breathing for my soul.
We are made of spirit, mind, soul, and a little pixie dust.
Life is a dancing mind, loving heart, caring soul, and wandering thoughts.
Music fills the emptiness of our souls with the indescribable universal ecstasy
Friends are medicine for a wounded heart and vitamins for a hopeful soul.
Every great soul was inspired by another great soul.
The light in my soul is inextinguishable.
There is light in my soul.
Every sacred soul has in a sacred body.
Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy - all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. You are that flame.
Your smile is a flower of your joyful soul.
To discover the source of this alchemical love within is to uncover the deepest secrets of the soul. It is to unearth and align with the ultimate truth of who we are.
Love's alchemical power is nevermore clear than in the moments when we least expect it to grace our lives; for love transforms, love transcends, love awakens.
No Soul is identical - yet all Souls are unified.
Music is the strength of the soul.
Sometimes you just have to step outside the box and take a leap of faith. You may not be able to see what's on the other side, but you can't remain in the same place. Fear is what keeps you there. If you want something badly enough you'll take the steps to get there. If you believe it, then you can achieve it.
Search deep within your soul, you will find the light.
Patience is hard when your very soul cries for freedom.
Love ignites soul with the superb light.
Every soul craves to fill the void.
I will love with all my soul.
You are a beautiful and wonderful soul. Recognise and illuminate it.
Adversity is the test of strength in every soul.
Do not exchange your soul for money.
Dancing every day uplifts the soul.
Like flowers we grow, bloom, and whither - each day and each life. In our next life we'll grow, bloom, and whither even more beautifully. But although we blossom more grandiose in each new life, all our lives are perfect in their own way.
Have faith, let go, and gravitate towards.
I have danced too deeply in my shadows, to ever fear the walk of my sunshine.
If you truly love someone, he or she will inevitably love you back. If you find yourself in an emotional one way street, walk away! Trust that it's not love.
A vibrant body, a radiant mind, a loving heart, and an honorable life.
To breathe,to breathe is nothing more than confirmation of the existence of your soulwhether you believe it or not,whether you live or cease to fight
Love rekindles the soul of every man.
Beauty of music enlightens the soul and fills it with ecstasy.
Negative thoughts crashed the spirit, weaken the soul and make the body sick.
Reach out to your great spirit and soul.
Sometimes it is better to say 'no' and lose your job than it is to say 'yes' and lose your soul.
Mankind's glorious and people's happy ending is inevitable. No one will be left behind.
Positive thought is healthy to the soul.
Adversity tests what the soul can endure.
May your spirit be empower divine power.
Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas.
In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.
The best form of saying is being
Unless today is well lived, tomorrow is not important.
I conceive a knowledge of books is the basis upon which other knowledge is to be built.
You are not alone in the struggles of life. Entire cosmos is with you. It evolves through the way you face and overcome challenges of life. Use everything in your advantage.
The mind is a storehouse with great capacity, but is often filled with dubious knowledge and meaningless trivialities. In truth, much of this - though at times interesting and entertaining - is of insignificant value.
Neither mislead nor misguide.
Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first.
The everyday actions of average citizens have a greater impact on society than any politician. Unfortunately politicians exert a disproportionate amount of influence on the actions of the average citizen. If we all use our own ability to positively influence the people around us, time will erode the negative impact of any politician.
Pass the parcel. That's sometimes all you can do. Take it, feel it, and pass it on. Not for me, not for you, but for someone, somewhere, one day. Pass it on, boys. That's the game I want you to learn. Pass it on.
Don't follow the crowd until you are sure you want to be where they're going.
The sense of community is that feeling of togetherness that brings us comfort. We are all alone in the world, so we strive to form bonds with others to eliminate that sense of feeling alone.
The laws of physics that deal with inertia also apply to humans, such that situations tend to remain the same over time.
Your success lies in your ability to believe in yourself
Convince yourself that you can do it, and the rest of the world will automatically be convinced
Self- reliance is the greatest of all virtues my friend.
Self is All. (First Principle of Humanism)
Mark you, no Krishna can clear your eyes and make you look with a broader vision upon life in your march upward and onward, until the Self within you morphs into Krishna - until the Self morphs into Buddha - until the Self turns into Christ.
Only you can save yourself.
Be a leader you would follow.
Whom the society deems worthless, once they discover their special inclination, it will change the very course of their lives as well as the shape of the very society that distastes them.
Awake, O brave one! Arise, O lion-heart! Be the messenger that spreads compassion.
When you're faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.
A powerful leader, like a conductor, need not say a word for his message to be communicated.
Excellence doesn't come by obeying doctrines. Excellence comes through recognizing the flaws in the prevailing doctrines of the society and throwing them away if necessary in the path of progress.
When you feel that others are lacking and failing ....first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.
Think of strength, dream of strength, live of strength.
No institution can become the cradle of leadership, until its teachers break their manacles of rugged dogmas.
I wrote Beyond The Label to open up the aperture through which we look at the world. I want us to reconsider what it means to be a woman, a mentor, a wife, a mother.
Good leaders are always in the act of leading. They listen as much to others as they listen to themselves.
Allowing yourself to follow the crevices of your heart lines is a messy process and not easy to characterize or rationalize into neat and tidy lists and boxes.
This book is for those of you who are tired of trying to squeeze into constrained categories, who long for a life without limits on who you are or who you will become.
The underlying issue in getting women to top positions is what kind of leadership we value and how we teach, assess, and promote good leaders in all organizations.
The more you've struggled, the more inspiring your story will be when you come out the other side. Do not give up. Today's struggle brings tomorrow's wisdom.
Stop grovelling and start working.
You are born to build the society, not to follow it.
The world needs heroes. Be a hero and build your part of the world.
You don't die when your body stops functioning. You die when your name is uttered for the last time in the world.
Throw away the newspapers. Discard all the useless debates and gossiping. Start working in silence. Start working on your passion. And make the news yourself.
Have patience and keep working. Everything will come alright in time.
When I give the best of me, that becomes my legacy.
Serving is the best kind of Leading.
The tragedy about history - personally and globally - is that while we may learn it we rarely learn from it.
Be yourself! Don't try to fabricate your personality in the guise of impressing others.
No one can make you successful, the will to succeed comes from within
A leader without a team, is a car without steering wheel
I don't buy dreams, i buy actions
A real job can kill a real dream, chase your real dreams
A humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
I choose not to fight against but to stand for. Not to go against but to go for.
What separates those who build exceptional lives from others, is the way they use their time.
Control what you can. Influence what you should. Forget the rest.
Go on your way , use you brain , be innovative, achieve your dreams and don't turn back, because you left so many envious people behind you !! .
We go from most doubted to most respected with the right outlook and attitude to life.
If you must walk in someone's shadow make sure it's your own
Success is a process, not an event.
Rhetorical question: Did you get to where you are by accepting the status quo?I didn't.
Choose a leader who will build bridges - not walls. A leader who will promote peace - not wars. A leader who believes in equality - not discrimination. A leader who is transparent - not secretive. A leader who will speak for all - not just animals.
A leader is a lamp not just a sign board.
Becoming a Leader of Character changes lives-our lives and the lives of the people we touch.
Leader of Character: someone who uses influence to achieve a moral or ethical goal.
Be Practical." That's probably the most stupid piece of advice I've ever received in my life.
Very often we sit back thinking good things will happen, knowing that good things take time and hoping that someone else will do it. The world needs us!
I know I could've been on the other side of the line too. I refuse to accept injustice and inequality because I know it can be against any one of us, our brothers and sisters and friends and family. I know it's personal. I know this is our only chance, our only planet, our only shot. And, I know this is my brick.
The person of creatures is living, the purpose of living is service, a service that implants legacy.
Be the leader, not the boss.
Reading is one of the most common habit among the most successful people.
A good leader doesn't have to know everything. Nobody knows everything that's why you surround yourself with people who are experts in different areas.That's what makes a good leader.
Effective leadership is doing important things first. Effective management is knowing what is important.
If you cannot lead, do not mislead.
To be a real leader, serve with love.
Commitment precedes success. What you are committed to doing you will be successful at doing.
Don't be sad that one day or another you met someone who undermined your capabilities and sapped your energy, what that person did could be the strongest crucible that forged a great leader
Phronesis is a beautiful virtue, practise it and you shall reap the rewards.
You may not lead by ordering, but you may lead by showing possibilities and the beauty of success.
True Leaders possess good core values and will align themselves with like thinking people to grow their leadership and prosper in Integrity~bns
The world is aching for feminine wisdom to come forward.
Leadership embodies a spirit of encouragement. It is difficult to lead people where they are not enthusiastically encouraged to go.
The world has enough deceit, decay, and despair; be different.
I am not a leader but a pathfinder and a motivator.
From hope evolves faith. From faith evolves belief. From belief evolves expectations. From expectations evolve success. As long as you have hope you can achieve success.
Integrity is the ultimate foundation of leadership.
You can't be a great leader if your heart is not filled with greatness.
If you have a great vision and are ready for a passionate mission, they you are a leader.
You are a good leader when your actions inspire others to do good for themselves and for others.
In all things... .strive for perfection - settle for excellence
A leader does not only discover what people can do better. He teaches, guides and mentor them to do it exceptionally well. When a seed comes into contact with a leader, fruits are produced.
People who follow you want to know in their hearts what you are willing to sacrifice for them. Your followers don't care how much you know until they know how much you care for their welfare. Leading to succeed begins with servant leadership.
The ultimate profit from all of my businesses is to be happy and to make all of the customers happy.
A beacon of light shining in a dark tunnel leads even the blind to safety
A sign of a good leader is not his position but his vision.
My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society. As a world, we're doing a better job of that. My goal is for Google to lead, not follow that.
Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!
The best leaders have the ability to align people to their vision and motivate them to work passionately towards its fulfillment as if it were their own.
You have to be a light to yourself in a world that is utterly becoming dark.
Few of us realize our potential; because if we did, we would pursue our passion and walk in our purpose.
Leadership is influence
Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.
The highest goal of a leader is to help others fulfill their purposes in life.
You are a true leader if you help others to grow as leaders.
You are never too old or too young to be a leader.
If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.
If you think like a leader, act like a leader, inspire like a leader then you are a leader.
If you have allowed a laborious lifestyle to suppress your dreams, then NOW is the time to take a STAND and give yourself PERMISSION to DREAM again! Now remove the clutter in your life and make PLANS to make your dreams a reality.
Nothing is more honorable than a man or woman with a good reputation.
In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!
If you're not reaching back to help anyone then you're not building a legacy.
Tough times don't last always. Your hard times are there to shape you and develop your character. It causes you to become more aware of life and you develop an attitude of gratitude. Don't lose hope because it gets better.
Be true to who you are. Don't let the world tell you who to be.
You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the what if's of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows what if's will take care of themselves.
Simply thinking creatively is not the same as being innovative, and only those who risk breaking out of their comfort zone by putting thought into action will discover the profusion of opportunity that exists.
Words do less than 10 things, but actions do more than 10 thousand things. Leaders don't talk in vain; they follow with actions.
Honesty is doing what you know or believe is right. Integrity is doing what is right and truthful.
Leaders inform, inspire and improve people. They educate, empower and enrich the value of their followers. They make impacts.
Freedom is willpower to act for a change.
The specialty in all life is expecting the exception, while ignorant of real acceptance, until unexpectedly you re-witness your own ignorance to 'be' the cause that awakens others. One does not do this yesterday, or today. You do this with expressing honesty everyday.
Be an intentionally D.U.M.B. Person today! D-Demonstrate love to someone todayU-Understand and encourage someone todayM-Motivate someone todayB-Believe in someone today
The Bible states in Psalms 139:14 that you are fearfully and wonderfully made and that you are a wonderful work of art. That makes you uniquely special. It only makes sense for you to just be the special you that you were created to be period.
If you put your heart into everything you do, you will recreate yourself.
Don't just timidly swing at the problems in your life, swing hard enough to knock them out! Small efforts produce small results, big efforts produce big results!
Reliance in its most basic, daily, form is being part of a group that lives by a pact: To always have each other's backs - no matter what - so that everyone comes out future strong.
Reliance in its purest, highest, form is a code to live by: That every life matters. Every future matters. Taking care of each other matters. And our shared purpose is to create amazing futures for our children's children.
Reliance is the ultimate measure of a team's or organization's culture. It's not 'Would I recommend a friend to work here?' It's 'Would this group of people put their ass on the line for me?' And 'Would I do the same for them?
If you want a strong future: Becoming secure with insecurity is the best security you can have.
If you want to lead others into a strong future: You need to be keenly aware of how your own inner truths - biases, fears, courage, values and dreams - do or do not impact the daily work of others.
If you want a strong future: You need to get past the stories that you have told yourself and others. You need to hear the heartbeatthat's the real you.
Me comes before we. You need to become future strong before you can help others do the same.
Your career will include thousands of opportunities to transform yourself. Many will disrupt all that you have built. Each is an opportunity to choose to be vulnerable, to let go, to be reborn.
Future strong individuals will not take on personal sacrifices, hardships and corporate crap that sidetrack them from their dreams and goals.
To be future strong, you will face difficult hardships. Usually, there is no absolutely right or absolutely wrong choice. The key is to be intentional: Choosing the best hardships for your best future.
People should not have to sacrifice so much of their personal lives, hopes, dreams and goals just to keep up with corporate pressured morebetterfaster. And tomorrow's workforce won't.
Future strong cultures and relationships are built upon intense 'I have your back' bonds.
Future Strong leaders are driven by a core question: What do I want my legacy to be? That requires a lot of searching one's inner truths, and being brutally honest about how that compares to one's daily actions.
Working for a company must help individuals achieve their dreams and goals more efficiently and effectively than they could achieve them elsewhere.
Calling upon our crucible moments allows us to transcend our own limitations. Those moments create completely new possibilities within each of us.
Future strong is adventurous self-mastery. Unlocking your future by running toward the unknown, with the wondrous soul of a child and the drive of a force that will not be stopped.
The biggest, toughest competition in the future will be the battle for your time and attention. Your one thing - your call to adventure - is your best tool in that battle.
Loyalty - deep, intense, devoted loyalty - to a leader or a culture, to any group, brand or idea, goes far beyond being engaged or having our needs met. We see our emotional selves in that connection. We see our future, our best selves and our better angels in that connection.
Do not wait for vulnerability to be thrust upon you by your company or the marketplace. That is when you lost control of your own destiny. Choose to disrupt yourself. Seek vulnerability on your terms, no one else's.
Future strong leadership means being willing to stand alone. Often, the times we feel most vulnerable are when we stand alone, before others join us. When we choose to be the first voice echoing above the silence. Standing strong, alone.
Future strong is grace, kindness, and gratitude within a pressure cooker.
Future shackled is when tomorrow is anchored, boxed and managed to maximize the minimizing of uncertainty.
The one thing that's missing to create a fundamental shift in work capacity: courage. Leadership courage.
Less than 10% of the mainstream workforce can achieve their dreams where they currently work.
The current relationship between companies and the workforce is like marrying into a dysfunctional family. Only you don't get to escape when the holiday meal is over.
Instead of getting the leaders we deserve, we can an abundance of ShitRollsDownhill Shovelers, ShitCatchers, and NewShitCreators.
We each must do a better job of choosing which hardships are best for our future, not just for the company's.
Most corporate infrastructures are massive time-wasters and demoralizing energy suckers.
Most companies are not respectful of each individual's time.
Far too much corporate stupidity is disguised as cost-saving efficiencies.
Far too much horrific wast of human capacity is disguised as order, predictability, and minimizing uncertainty.
The future is personal.
The future of work revolution begins one person at a time.
Embracing personal vulnerability is required if you wish to work, play and succeed in the future.
Before tomorrow becomes your legacy, come the choices you must make today.
The choices you make create your future.
To understand what makes you future strong, and what being strong means, is to understand how and why you make choices.
Future strong is being focused enough and mindful enough and courageous enough to search for patterns and order when all others see chaos and noise.
Future strong is letting go of what no longer serves you. Quickly.
Future strong is as focused on the success of every individual as it is on organizational success - creating an environment where people can achieve their dreams and full potential.
Future strong builds actions upon reflection, questions, curiosity, seeking to understand root causes and systemic connections.
Future strong strives for simplicity for all:Least amount of individual effort, energy and time to create maximum impact by each person.
Future strong is relationship-driven and joyful.Its best bet is on people. Its outcomes create joyfor others and ourselves.
We must stop destroying human capacity. Now.Too many of today's leaders are holding back the future because it comes wrapped in risks.
If you are a senior executive, you need to embrace each individual's right to choose his or her own hardships - and you must talk about that openly, candidly.
Everyone has a right to a strong and independent future: All of us have the right, and personal obligation, to choose whether or not company-driven hardships and sacrifices, overall, are shackling or strengthening our future. And to keep that right, each of us must be our own best advocate.
You live, work and lead others in the most exciting time, ever! Are you strong enough?
Your past is handing you a tool you can use to leap into your future: the crucible moments from your own life. The power you need is in looking back to look forward.
What will you do today so tomorrow becomes the legacy you wanted to leave?
No matter how crazed you get, no matter what pressures you're under, no matter who needs what by yesterday... Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
You will experience 100 transformative moments every year.
We each must select the best hardships for our best future.
It's time for you to be the hero of your own journey.
Your choices are where your future begins.
Significant is the doer, the rest just watch!
It's time to consider: What are the toughest choices you face as you lead yourself and others into the future?
Consistency in right thinking and right doing is how you stay up in a down world.
Future shackled is when uncertainty is the enemy that must be beaten into submission.
Future strong is filled with disruptive heroes. Are you one?
We all deserve the best possible future.
YOU are the next big thing.
Who have you chosen to become?
Who will you choose to have your back?
Leaders: Your job in the future is to create a space where others feel save being vulnerable. Where fears and failures are openly discussed and used as lessons moving forward.
Despite several millennia of building best business practices, despite all the analysis and planning, and forced discipline and structure, what makes us human will never be cleaved from how work gets done.
Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
Choosing to know yourself deeply hands you a torch to see beyond yourself, into the future. Into a strong future.
Building a strong future is living at the intersection of today and tomorrow: where living in the moment and who you have chosen to become dance together as one.
What's your one thing? When you pause long enough to hear its heartbeat, your one thing will take your breath away. When you pause long enough to feel it, your eyes will tear up or you won't be able to stop smiling, dancing and having a blast!
Don't allow your thoughts of frustration allow you to make decisions out of desperation.
Striving for successful goals will have a tendency at times to be discouraging, thankless, and mentally draining. You are entitled to these feelings, however you are not entitled to give up.
Focus your thoughts today on HOW 'You can!' instead of accepting that 'You can't.' Amazing ideas will come your way.
Each decision you make today has the potential to unlock and open doors of profitable benefits or close the doors to great opportunities. Think before you act and make your decisions wisely today.
Trust and believe in the vision of your mind that others cannot yet see. While others abide by the creed that seeing is believing, you must know that believing is seeing.
Just imagine the strides Africa would have made if all the resources being channeled towards conflict resolution were going into construction of power generation plants and irrigation capacity. Can't we promote our own peace? What are we doing to seriously focus on other eco-friendly energy sources like wind and solar?
Creating the right mind-set and a positive attitude today, will help you to start crafting a clear plan of how you intend to make your life a success.
Having a succession and legacy plan in place will make you ready for forced changes due to circumstances beyond your control, like death, any form of incapacity, sudden changes in laws and regulations and even corporate scandals and moral failure.
Passing the baton - Oh what a challenge this has proven to be in many societies, families, businesses, governments, religious organizations and obviously in every other relay race! Why do this? - for starters, you will not live forever - how about that? After a given mileage, even a car will need new tyres!
Start planning from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
A leader, who divides his own people, contaminates his platform and begins to destroy his own territory.
Consider your will to be the vision of your influence on earth after you cease to be a part of it. Crafting a lasting legacy means you start planning and making it possible now.
There are batons that you will obviously choose to pass on, upon your death, but there are others that would be advisable you pass on whilst you are still alive. Implement as practicable as possible, all succession elements that can be done whilst you are still alive so that you can ensure they are done according to your will/desire.
Do not do everything for your children - teach them personal responsibility and accountability. This includes using your home environment - the kitchen, the garden, making their room/bed, chores - as training platforms. Prepare them to be independent.
Open the door for communication and interact with your children. Provide the answers (if you don't know, look for them or get expert advice). Guide them on how to deal with other sources of information - friends, TV, other media, society or the internet. Coaching empowers them to make their own informed, quality decisions.
Timing is a critical issue when it comes to succession. Passing the baton too early or too late could both cause irreparable damage. The timing just has to be right, but again you are responsible for creating or influencing the right conditions over the course of your leadership tenure.
Teach faith as a non-negotiable - What should your family be aware of? Why should they be aware of these things? How will they become aware? When and at what stages must they become aware?
A leader must produce other leaders. Why do you want to produce followers, when by being called a leader the assumption is that you already have followers? Influence those who follow to birth their kind and develop others to lead.
Alignment of vision, mission, values and attitudes need to be matched between you and those you choose to surround yourself with. The cost of training or replacing will be very minimal and less painful if recruitment, selection and positioning are done well. This applies even to general employment processes, whether at leadership or staff levels.
It is the challenge for every leader to develop and invest in those he depends on, to ensure his or her vision is realized in the way it has been put upon the leader's heart. These key people will enhance the success or taint the leadership image and brand of the visionary.
If in this generation, you still consider yourself the only one who knows or who has the capacity to make a difference, it's a shame because you are delaying this leadership excellence train from reaching its destination. Make a decision to change your leadership philosophy and agenda today!
Be natural my children. For the writer that is natural has fulfilled all the rules of
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. The chasm is never completely bridged. We all have the conviction, perhaps illusory, that we have much more to say than appears on the paper.
For me, Art is the restoration of order. It may discuss all sort of terrible things, but there must be satisfaction at the end. A little bit of hunger, but also satisfaction.
If you don't want a generation of robots, fund the arts!
The point of art is to inspire you to create your own.
Art is literacy of the heart.
To draw something is to try to capture it FOREVER, if you really love something, you never try to keep it the way it is forever. You have to let it be free to change
Spontaneity is a meticulously prepared art
Art is something you choose to make... it's a bringing together of... of everything around you into something that makes you more human, more khepri, whatever. More of a person.
Any great art work . revives and readapts time and space, and the measure of its success is the extent to which it makes you an inhabitant of that world - the extent to which it invites you in and lets you breathe its strange, special air.
He realised, more vividly than ever before, that art had two constant, two unending preoccupations: it is always meditating upon death and it is always thereby creating life.
To my mind, a picture should be something pleasant, cheerful, and pretty, yes pretty! There are too many unpleasant things in life as it is without creating still more of them.
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art. 
It is a thing of no great difficulty to raise objections against another man's oration, it is a very easy matter; but to produce a better in it's place is a work extremely troublesome.
There's a temptation in our networked age to think that ideas can be developed by email and iChat. That's crazy. Creativity comes from spontaneous meetings, from random discussions. You run into someone, you ask what they're doing, you say 'wow,' and soon you're cooking up all sorts of ideas.
Though a living cannot be made from art, art makes life worth living. It makes starving, living.
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it.
I know I will always be attracted to the unknown as it does often verify what I am or what else I could be.
WE ARE the PULSE of the TIMES!
Art cannot be bought or sold. It can only be created or destroyed.
I've been 40 years discovering that the queen of all colors was black.
gurl,if you were a flower I will plant you in heart,watering you with my blood and cover you with my body.
Form follows emotion
Inking is meditation in liquid form...
Life is very nice, but it has no shape. The object of art is actually to give it some ..." Jean Anouilh, The Rehearsal
The market follows the artist. The artist does not follow the market.
Drawing is the art of being able to leave an accurate record of the experience of what one isn't, of what one doesn't know. A great drawer is either confirming beautifully what is commonplaceor probing authoritatively the unknown.::: Brett Whiteley :::
Art cannot save the world, but it does help you understand the world inside of you.
I could never be a Communist. I could never be regimented. I could never be told what to write.
Creativity is a state of mind, a way of being, and it comes from a sacred place within.
You draw characters speaking loud and clear but you're not hearing them.
I am an art work in constant progress; I am my own canvas, my own colors, my own brushes and my own inspiration.
When life, inspiration, and pen meet.
I believe, that creating is a joyful activity as well as a meaningful suffer, and thus, it is an integral part of the human nature.
One of the most beautiful things to do is to paint darkness, which nevertheless has light in it.
Art that most inspires are the ones that pay attention to aspects of the subconscious condition that we are too busy to notice.
Choose only one master - Nature.
Putting our art out there is one of the biggest risks we can take. It's a special kind of vulnerability. It takes guts to be an artist.
It's ever so fun and fulfilling to be clever, but more lasting and effective to be consistent.
Let's make room for the kind of art that challenges us, pushes boundaries, stirs and inspires, and takes our breath away with its uniqueness. Let's reconnect with our artist souls and trust that if we make good art, we'll make good money.
I see football as an art and all players are artists.If you are a top artist, the last thing you would do is paint a picture somebody else has already painted.
I painted for the eyes, and wrote prose for the ears. Between those senses lay the mind and soul. I enjoyed connecting with people's deepest thoughts, their hopes and dreams. My pen and brush were tools to achieve my artistic desired effects.
Make your life a work of art and you will never die.
Was the sky always this shade of magenta?
Because at nightwhen others are sleeping, I drown myself in poetry.
Rough work with a soul will always be open to all, including condemnation & reviling, while fine work housing emptiness is closed to all insults & is easily ivied over with paid praises
A very fine artist can take something quite ordinary and, through sheer artistry and willpower, turn it into a work of art.
Your art is so abstract that I can only see it through my mind's eye and touch it through my heart.
Some thoughts you underestimate but may be capable of energizing the world. Never delay to put your thoughts into words.
Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
Venice, it's temples and palaces did seem like fabrics of enchantment piled to heaven.
The future is trash. Recycling it, re-arranging it. Making it beautiful again.
To become a work of art is the object of living.
Art might be beautiful even though the artist is not.
Art is neither a muscle nor a cure for ugliness. Ugliness has its own reasons and convictions to stay here. Art has a patience of a civilized, patience to withhold the gentleness of the civilization.
I love a good 2,000 year old storytelling fresco!
Great work is not created for everyone. If it were, it would be average work.
How important are the visual arts in our society? I feel strongly that the visual arts are of vast and incalculable importance. Of course I could be prejudiced. I am a visual art.
Photography is like exploring a new dimension, only I can go there but I can show you where I've been.
Some days you just get lucky. Other days you wait patiently for luck to happen
A peaceful feeling: A happy harmony or symphony of all of our character pieces working in powerful unison from Cinderella In Focus
Feet on the ground, head in the clouds. That's how giants walk.
Art is not about achievement, but rather a new perspective to look from.
Art is the reflection of an imaginative mind.
Allow the courage to create overwhelmed you.
ART happens every time we live in the spirit of the moment's greatness" from Cinderella in Focus
The serenity of the lulling ocean is a wondrous thing to behold..more precious than the gems coveted and covered in platinum or gold...
Infatuated painted clouds, enamored of our silky bed-lagoon, reflect with silent tremors your sweetest of the kisses...whispers...then lightly consume its shining sunset skin with loving smiles greeting the lacy starry night ahead...making our senses dance so softly stepping on to the adorn petals of the place no one else knows...
Art is everywhere.
Never be ashamed of your creativity. It simply shows everyone of how you can express your emotions through art
All art is a form of vulnerability because at least part of the artist goes into the piece.
Art is life.
Every work of art tells a story.
Style jazzes up your canvas.
You are the Poem I dreamed of writing, the Masterpiece I longed to paint. You are the shining Star I reached for in my ever hopeful quest for life fulfilled. Yes, I am Blessed.
Film is the ultimate canvas, the elixir of art, and the magic of life.
A heart favours love, a head favours work, a heart and head both favours hobby.
Art expresses those unexplainable thoughts of our soul.
I insist on a lot of time being spent, almost every day, to just sit and think. That is very uncommon in American business. I read and think. So I do more reading and thinking, and make less impulse decisions than most people in business. I do it because I like this kind of life.
I was a hugely unchaperoned reader, and I would wander into my local public library and there sat the world, waiting for me to look at it, to find out about it, to discover who I might be insid
We forget that the simple gesture of putting a book in someone's hands can change a life. I want to remind you that it can. I want to thank you because it did. - 2010 Indies Choice Award
I pity the people who don't like to read, because then they spend their whole lives stuck in this one world and dont get to discover any others.
Reading is not optional.
Enjoy the read!
Literacy is a fundamental life skill, one that serves as a portal to knowledge and a lifetime of opportunity.
For a writer it was perhaps most important not to write, but to read. Read as much as you can because in so doing you won't lose yourselves, become unoriginal, what happens is the opposite, by doing this you'll find yourselves. The more you read, the better.
If we can't have world peace, I'll settle for a quiet room.
You're never as good a writer as you think you are, and you're never as bad. Just keep reading and writing, writing, writing.
I amMavis Elizabeth Betterly.I amused to hard work.I canrun a household betterthan Mrs. Oblinger ever could.What does it matter,those thingsthat hold me back?What does it matterwhen I make mistakes?They don't make mewhoIam.
Books . they're kind of a compulsion for me. To find a great bookstore is a great thing.
Oh, how scary and wonderful it is that words can change our lives simply by being next to each other.
Read! It is as important as breathing until you are breathing.
Words will change your future
I read to learn from the greats but I write to compete with them.
Read. Read until your eyes are sore. Then read some more.
Feel-good books were ones you could put down with a smile on your face, books that made you think the world was a little crazier, stranger, and more beautiful when you looked up from them.
The only thing a closed book is good for is a table that wobbles. Be an open book.
The more you read, the more you write, and the more you free yourself to do so, the better writer you will become.
Cry while writing it, and readers will cry while reading it.
Reading sparks writing.
How you feel after reading something indicates not what you've read but where you are at.
Reading opens up other pockets of the mind.
With stillness comes the benediction of Peace.
As surely as there is a voyage away, there is a journey home.
The more one pleases generally, the less one pleases profoundly.
The question of bread for myself is a material question, but the question of bread for my neighbor is a spiritual question.
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
Who is it who decides that one man should live and another should die? My life wasn't worth any more than his, but he's the one who's buried, while I get to enjoy at least a few more hours above the ground. Is it chance, random and cruel, or is there some purpose or pattern to all this, even if it lies beyond our ken?
Do not despair. Do not give up. Look for the sunlight through the clouds.
Usually, we believe that our pain is a misfortune that needs to be fixed, but in fact, all pain (physical, mental, and emotional) is a necessary step towards becoming conscious.
Lead by example, not by instruction.
It is hard to remember that you are a cherished spiritual being when you're burping up apple fritters and Cheetos.
As long as I live, so long do I learn.
You don't have to place your hand on Mary's heart to get strength and consolation and rescue, and all the other things we need to get through life. You can place it right here on your own heart. Your own heart.
The sacred is discovered in what moves and touches us, in what makes us tremble.
Treading along in this dreamlike, illusory realm,Without looking for the traces I may have left;A cuckoo's song beckons me to return home;Hearing this, I tilt my head to seeWho has told me to turn back;But do not ask me where I am going,As I travel in this limitless world,Where every step I take is my home.
We can see the Divine in each speck of dust, but that doesn't stop us from wiping it away with a wet sponge. The Divine doesn't disappear; it's transformed into the clean surface.
 Begin again as often as you need to in order to stay on track spiritually...
For where thy treasure is, there also will thy heart be.
In the voyage of your worldly existence, the sails at which your life float upon, are tethered by the thoughts and emotions that which you harbor. Expand.
She knew full well the enormity of her offense, but because her desires were stronger than the code she was breaking, she persisted in breaking it. 
The degree of panic activity in my life is equal to the degree of my lack of personal spiritual experience.
There is a connection between heaven and earth. Finding that connection gives meaning to everything, including death. Missing it makes everything meaningless, including life. 
You will never know everything. Knowledge unfolds as we move forward. Sitting back and waiting to know everything before we do anything is a waste of life.~ I Am Another You
The human spirit will not invest itself in a compromise.
There are times that people can be so blinded by what they want IT to be, that whatever reality they perceieve it SHOULD be, they lose.
Gratitude and love are always multiplied when you give freely. It is an infinite source of contentment and prosperous energy.
The holiest of all the spots on earth is where an ancient hatred has become a present love
Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness.
No wonder of it: sheer plod makes plough down sillionShine, and blue-bleak embers, ah my dear, Fall, gall themselves, and gash gold-vermilion.
Greed kills us all.
To live in joy and fully manifest our true potential, we must let go of our desires and attachment to the past and the future and be excited about living in the unknown.
It's not enough to hear or think about the truth, we must experience it for ourselves if we are to truly know it.
Feed Everyone
Just as the light of a candle has the power to dispel darkness in a room, so also the light developed in one man can help dispel darkness in several others.
You are not as insignificant as you have often been told, nor are you any more significant than you have often told yourself.
A good story conveys a message that strengthens our values.
Earth should suspect a man who has no tears of compassion and eject into the outer space until he learns humility. Outer space and death might be of the same origin, where one chances upon egolessness just before lifelessness. Earth only asks for egolessness.
Each day makes the difference !
He made a story for all of them, a story to give them strength. The words of the story poured out of his mouth as if they had substance, pebbles and stone extending to hold the corporal up...knees from buckling...hands from letting go of the blanket.
The more we try to control the things outside of us the more we lose control of our mind.
I can't talk, or I will throw up!
Throw everything away, forget about it all! You are learning too much, remembering too much, trying too hard . . . relax a little bit, give life a chance to flow its own way, unassisted by your mind and effort. Stop directing the river's flow.
Real men are advocates for women's rights.
In order to gain gender equality, women and men must work together, equally, to teach our daughters and sons to embrace our differences, respect each others' opinions, and remove stereotypes to what a girl or boy should aspire.
If we care for our spiritual needs, we shall find strength for any other well-being.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
Depression is like being under house arrest, only there is no house.
Pay attention to your life and you will see bits of 'magic' that happens precisely when you need it to happen.
You cannot be named. To define is to confine.
When I am centered on love I don't need to be better than you. I don't need to be rich. I don't even need to be extraordinary. When I am centered on love, who I am and where I am at is enough.
No one knows while experiencing their darkest hour that some day they may use that very experience to illuminate the ways for others. Nothing is ever wasted.
Choosing to interpret all your experiences from a place of love will allow you to strengthen and empower yourself, while moving closer to the divine light.
Lift your spirits by practicing random acts of kindness.
So what's the point of it all?Seriously? I asked. Seriously? You're asking me for the meaning of life? Isn't that a little stereotypical?Well it's a reasonable question, you persisted.
When you shoot the arrows straight from your heart, it is bound to reach its target with a bull's eye and leave everlasting imprints ; raw and deep....
I remain in a state of surrender knowing the Universe is supporting me in creating a life I love.
Compassion can be learned through example
In a Universe with infinite possibilities we don't have to have our hearts set on just one.
With silence comes mindfulness, and thus we become better at choosing our words with kind intent before we express them.
Who are you without your labels and attachments to the issues you are passionate about? Remove the emotions, remove the beliefs and associations, and simply focus on the rational and practical applications that promote peaceful progression.
Light and flow is what shifts the world's vibration, not the stagnation and resistance that comes with opposition.
Be aware of the type of humor you use in your daily life. Just because people are laughing doesn't mean it is creating positive vibes.
Peace of mind always precipitates peace on earth.
In order to create light you must first live in light.
The prophecy, "The Revelation of Christ" is about mankind's journey into a darker reality and then our quest to create a light based reality. We can only create a light based reality when we have re-created our collective spirit to make it strong enough to hold light.
I am neither the mind not the thought, I am its Creator.
The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit.
Believing, too, that is not enough. You cannot just believe. Your belief must have a purpose.
L-EVELSO-FV-ARYINGE-MOTIONSBEING IN LOVE IS ALWAYS A COMPLICATED RELATIONSHIP!
YOU ARE NOT A FINISHED WORK OF ARTYOU ARE A COMMISSIONED WORK IN PROGRESSHANGING IN A GALLERY UNDER CONSTRUCTION!KEEP PUSHING!
The gift of life is a great grace.
So you want to succeed?!! Then, do what you got to do!!! make an effort!!!, effort is not between you and someone else, effort is between you! and you! so do what you got to do!!! IT'S ALL UP TO YOU!!!
Inner peace doesn't have to be religious, spiritual, or impossible. It simply means you think and act with clarity and compassion--no longer conquered by the storms of the mind.
There is an underlying unity in all things
The beauty of death is that it is a constant reminder of the limited time we spend here in this unique life on Earth. It is the ongoing wakeup call that reminds us to be joyous, to laugh, to love, to be compassionate and grateful, and most of all - to forgive.
I want topeel away all the labelsI had once given to othersand place themupon the fabricof my own identity.They have reflected back to me,everything that I refuseto See in myself.
The greater the time of grief or stress the greater reason we have to be in alignment with peace.
There is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Peace, and there is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Love.
Keep your opinion to yourself unless it's asked for.
Your judgments about another person say more about your own character than the character of the person you're pointing a finger at.
I invite each of you to let go of your fears for just one day and say YES to life. say YES to love. say YES to You! You can always go back to saying 'no' another day.
Dare to be vulnerable, walk outside without your armor on and say YES to your heart.
What never happened will never change."(from "Oh, Leonardo")
Doost", Ahmed voiced. "Doost",he repeated softly,shutting his eyes.The word felt like a caress."what does it mean?"'It means "The Friend","The One I Love","the One I Long For".
For what the Spirit sees becomes a truthAnd what the soul imagines is made a world
Love is the bridge between the earth and the spiritual.
Joy is our native conditionLet go all non-joy and there is joy
Even the most aware of us do not realize the infinite power we possess or the magnitude of the ability we have to create, transmute, and transcend.
It is very possible to acknowledge another person's concerns without entering into their vibration.
A single thought can shift your entire world.
A 'caring' judgment is still a judgment. And any form of judgment creates blocks and stagnation.
With all control look for the hole, your mind gets weak, unless it's truth you seek. Swirled and twirled into another world, into the smog, a doorway within the fog. Deetkatu, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it."Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
I guess we all know that more souls will advance. When you learn that life can make you wise, it's no surprise that the light within you will grow and will shine for those you come to know.Benoway, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Do you not believe, Governess, where this power comes from, you seek? It is not from the things you keep. I trust the Creator to take care of me. Come what may, I will stay out of your way.Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Might I take this moment to give thanks to our loving Creator for supplying us with all our needs for this day and always! Grampa Foster, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.Gramma Tenanye, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Sometimes humans just don't listen, they 'take' to fill a space that's missin'!" Deetkatu, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure
Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!Chepi, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
We do not want to deny existence. Yet we also do not want to limit existence. Thus, we observe and honor without forming opinion, labeling, or adding a story to the object of our observation.
Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don't look back, NOW choose to be happy!Deetkatu, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them! Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
My head says forget it, my heart says I'll regret it, and what my stomach tells me, I should not ignore. Oh no, I gotta go, give me a leave, not your sleeve! I know this will cease, when I feel peace. So I will help a boy, come to Joy, a risk I shall take, it's no mistake, my stomach tells me so. Deetkatu, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Pain is inevitable, yet suffering is optional. It is our heart connections that make all the difference. When we experience mental, physical, emotional, or spiritual pain - love is the one medicine that transcends any synthetic or organic drug we use to suppress pain.
What is your heart worth to you? The answer is 'everything'. Our hearts are worth the World.
Good. Bad? I'm not here to judge where you're at or where you've been. I'm simply here to encourage you in where you would like to go. You have the map; I'll shine the light on it so you can better read it. And eventually, the sun will rise again in your life and you'll no longer need my light to assist you.
It's important to have a vision of the long run and make wise decisions for our highest good in the present moment; however, we don't want to become attached to how everything must look. When we show up in good faith, life provides. And when we trust, we are always in the flow of manifestation.
Yes, contrast teaches us a great many things and there is purpose for it. Yet it is time to transcend your everyday dramas that are but drops in an ocean. Cease focusing on your droplets of water and look around you. Everything you say and touch and do sets into motion ripples that either heal and create or curse and destroy. Let me repeat: Everything.
The Story Is Always ThereSometimes you don't need to talk to someone to see how they feel. You don't need to ask about their story. Some people have it written on their faces and you just have to take the time to read.
Everything has a purpose on our earth which reflects within us our own self-worth.Chepi, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Growing inside comes from trusting what you believe in and keeping a smile, even when confronted with misery and trial.Deetkatu, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.Deetkatu, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the little people.An Enchanting Adventure
Whatever 'I AM,' you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are 'I AM' is what will be!Deetkatu, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
There is no telling what he will do! A bind, I know he will have to unglue. This day will surely reveal a clue. Beware of the Deetkatu! Trinity, Meet the Little People.An Enchanting Adventure
True happiness is a state of mind and must come to you through the recognition of your own power and the finding of your own place in the world. Venice Bloodworth, Key to Yourself
Fear and paranoia create many of our worldly struggles. We get something in our minds and our distorted perception sculpts the reality of what we see. Even though what we see isn't really there, we tend to act as if it is. We then begin to put people and things into boxes, labeling them, and limiting them due to our fears.
When I Am Within, I Am Never Without.
Energy does not judge, it merely creates.
Seeing is an art; To become an artist, you need to feel.
It is not so much being all that you dream of becoming as it is un-becoming all that is covering your being.
It is not so much being all that we dream of becoming as it is un-becoming all that is covering our being.
The moment we accept our pain is the moment we release our suffering. Suffering is created when we offer life resistance, and what we resist most are the experiences that bring us pain.
Every day I wake up and ask myself, 'How can I accept myself and others more fully?
Your Ego tells you that you were wronged and it validates your separation. Your Higher Self tells you that you were blessed and it validates your expansion.
When I was a kid my mom would send me off to school each day with the words, 'Remember: be happy! The most important thing today is that you are happy!
Where there is darkness, there once was light.
Learn to observe your emotions without needing to act or distract yourself from them. Within that stillness your truest most vulnerable thoughts will arise and it is these thoughts that will show you where your healing work must begin.
Every day, I take steps to resolve all my karmic ties, live with intention, smile and laugh often, express my love, and act on what brings me fulfillment. Why wait until we have one foot in the grave to suddenly become spiritual, forgiving, and at peace with the world?
Every emotion in the human spectrum is actually a teacher that is here to show us the degree in which we are either resisting life or flowing with life.
Human strength fails, but the divinity within strength en the soul.
The realms of love and light, anything is possible
Being under stress is like being stranded in a body of water. If you panic, it will cause you to flail around so that the water rushes into your lungs and creates further distress. Yet, by calmly collecting yourself and using controlled breathing you remain afloat with ease.
Everything that brings us well being is achieved through allowing ourselves to flow with life and be in harmony. Pain happens, it is our attachment to the pain and our resistance to change that causes suffering.
Peace does not demand that everyone like or want the same reality.
All that exists is the present moment
The present moment is all that ever is, and in each new moment we die and are reborn. For example, people block love and close off their hearts out of fear of being hurt again. If they lived in the present moment, there would be no fear and they would walk forward in life with confidence and certainty that there is the joy of new experiences to be had.
Enlightenment isn't about reaching a destination of knowing, it is about developing consistent vibrational harmony within one's self and with the surrounding world.
Peace never hurries. To rush or force is contradictory to the very essence of peace.
We cannot dim another person's light without first extinguishing our own.
Your anger - about matters that you think are personal and yours alone - is, in fact, the fuel for the machines of war. Your kindness towards strangers on the street is, in fact, the grace and serenity that brings millions of people together to work towards the common good of all.
The actual, expanded consciousness, reality of our planet is that all of life is LOVE; our very existence is LOVE. Everything that exists is just varying degrees of this LOVE; polar absolutes do not exist. Good versus evil is pure illusion. Even the most seemingly negative person with ill intent is still in the spectrum of love.
Our goal in life is to carry with us the wisdom of experience, yet treat each new day as its own unique reality, rather than comparing what currently is to what has been in the past. When we compare, we plant expectations that then become self-fulfilling prophesies through the Law of Attraction.
Through transcendence of duality, we foster greater unity in our lives, which brings about inner peace and the sprouting of unconditional LOVE.
To inspire is to teach life principles in the spirit of Love.
Judgment is contrary to the vibration of unconditional love
Detachment is being apathetic or aloof to other people, while un-attachment is acknowledging and honoring other people, while choosing not to let them influence your emotional well being. Detached would mean I do not care, while un-attached means I care, although I am not going to alter my emotional state due to your emotions, words, or actions.
Our reality is colored by our vibration and belief systems. In other words, the experiences we have in the world with other people are dictated by the energy we bring with us wherever we go.
We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.
Un-attachment (as opposed to detachment) is the acceptance that each and every person is responsible for his or her own reality, and that our joy, peace, security, and sense of love is not dependent on any other person or situation. We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.
Until you begin to write, then you see wonders.
Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.
It is often the simple daily practices that influence our lives in dramatic ways.
Everyone is doing the best they can with what they know, and we are all here to learn and grow.
The energy of our thoughts, words, actions, and emotions collectively create the frequency of our vibrational aura.
Mastery of impulse is achieved through taking pauses during life's contrasting situations. Mastery of impulse is about developing strong willpower that can be used to redirect the flow of energy in any situation. Mastery of impulse is about responding to the world with a sense of reason and peace.
Mastering our thoughts can only be achieved after we truly understand what reality is. Thus, it is time to shatter your pre-conceived concept of reality. First, the majority of what you perceive as reality exists only in your mind, and, chances are, you spend most hours of your life in this illusion.
Mastery of impulse is all about self-discipline and choice. The mind is a powerful tool with which we have the ability to be in control of ourselves.
Have no fear. Trust in the vibrational currents of your life.
Illusions can and do create PHYSICAL Dis-Ease within our bodies. So it's most important to master our thoughts, to become cognizant of what we are spending our precious mental energy on each moment of every day.
Intelligence, Kant reminds, is not so much a result of genius, rather it is a consequence of a determination to use it.
I visualized myself pulling on my mental thinking cap, jamming it down around my ears as I had taught myself to do. It was a tall, conical wizard's model, covered with chemical equations and formulae: a cornucopia of ideas.
Only those who are capable of silliness can be called truly intelligent.
Intelligence without wisdom brings destruction.
Just when you think you know.....you don't know.
Just because you consider yourself a genius doesn't mean you are smart.
Rationality attracts conscientious humans, whereas mysticism attracts fools.
Sight is seeing what's there, vision is seeing what's possible
Creativity is about connecting things. The key to genius is knowing how to make those connections.
Life is full of challenges, seen and unseen, so to look and feel great, you must hold your head up each day and project your inner confidence.
Independence can neither be created nor destroyed just like energy! It can only be transferred from a fearless, resilient, intelligent & visionary "form" to another, regardless of what gender you are born with. It's the energy that seeks to free your mind.
There's no logical connection between being smart and having money.
Your name may be 'writ in water', but for now, you have the great advantage of being a wave that can think.
Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.
Enlightenment is not about attaining a ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.
Intelligence is an ability to understand, but it is not a substitute for wisdom.
When superstitions enter the world of imagination, then intelligence and science become fiction.
The scientific definition of intelligence is the capacity to overcome obstacles
An intelligent person has knowledge, but a wise person has experience with humility.
Your intelligence is defined by your intuitive question not by your definitive answers.
I don't desire to be intelligent, but I do desire to be loving and kind.
Power up your intelligence. Hit that creativity button.
When people write you off, just start again as if you don't belong to this world and see miracle happening!
Be not proud of your intelligence. Be simple, wise, and humble.
Great people stand out from others by their visions and not much by their intelligence.
To be a scholar study math, to be a smart study magic.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Education is the light of our soul and joy of our life. We enlighten ourselves and the world with our education.
It is spring again, my heart is dancing with flowers with love and joy.
Not the reality, but your thoughts define your destiny.
To be happy, learn to forget and forgive.
Win hatred with love, enemies with friendship, and cruelty with kindness.
Persistence with hope has infinite power, it can create new ways when there is no way.
Hope has magic in it, it can create a door when there is none.
Every moment is a moment of hope, moment of beauty, a moment of joy and it is our life.
Every flower blooms from the face of impossibility with a hope to make this world beautiful.
The only journey worth taking is the spiritual journey within.
Let your feelings of gratitude dance in your heart and be expressed through your love and kindness.
Find the window of unconditional love in your heart and liberate yourself from the prison of judgemental and conforming thoughts.
When you try to make others happy, happiness will follow you like your shadow forever.
Today is the most beautiful day to begin the rest of your joyful life.
To avoid the pain of loss, give up attachment.
He is the best friend who can see and reveal to you what is the best in you.
Make inner peace your final destination. Make happiness your life's purpose.
Hope is the whisper of our soul. It is always with you. So never give up. Persist with love.
Be a thinker, be a dreamer, be a believer, be a doer, and, above all, be a kind lover.
Don't try to do great thing, but don't forget to do small things with great care and great love.
Wherever you are, smile with love like a flower.
Knowing what you don't know is the beginning of wisdom.
Don't try to hurt anyone, you will not succeed because you can hurt only yourself.
There is nothing ordinary in life because life itself is mystical, magical, and extraordinary.
To be a leader you have to jump into the ocean of uncertainty and lead the followers toward the known or unknown destination.
Dare to feel the joy of life even in the midst of misery.
A man is wise not because of his intelligence, but because of his understanding and kindness.
Don't seek permission to be happy.
Our knowledge has limitations even though we have infinite imaginations.
Most fools think he is the wisest person but the most wise person thinks he is a fool.
The most important condition for progress is freedom of the mind.
Knowledge is always there but wisdom is very rare.
It is not that I am very intelligent, but I try to understand with love.
The desire to win a war is expensive, but the desire to win with wisdom is wise.
Wisdom is stronger than steel. It can break and it can heal.
My writings are the window of my soul through which you can see me, feel me, and understand me.
My writings are reflections of my momentary thoughts, imaginations, and love for you and life in this world as a whole.
In the darkness, don't doubt, blame or cry. Be the light to enlighten the whole sky.
Fear is the killer of a great future life.
Love is a strong seed, planted in my soul of kindness to grow the plants compassion and flowers of happiness.
It is almost always better to listen and understand than express opinions to annoy.
Love yourself first to be loving and beloved.
No one can steal your love, joy, and happiness without your permission.
Don't settle for ordinary. Dare to live a magical life.
Live a life like a beautiful song, touch every heart with loving words and memorable music.
On Easter day let us promise to resurrect, transcend, and transform our conscience for the happiness of mankind.
Your fashion should reflect your true passion for life.
We are never free when we imprison ourselves in the prison of our fixed, false beliefs.
If life is a flower, then love is the beauty of that flower.
Love gives us the perfect, pure, and sweetest joy of life.
As sunlight is for flowers, so is love for life.
Being in love with yourself will teach how to love others.
Speak with your heart when you speak love.
Love is not an option, it is the only option.
I am always at home even when I am traveling to exotic places because this world is my home.
Love has no monetary value, but without love, life has no value.
What you expect, it will happen.
True fashion should reflect deeper feelings of inner passion for life.
Persistence is the fundamental ingredient of true success.
We have to be honest to ourselves to see honesty in others.
Love is deepest driving passion of a purposeful life.
Love is the most likable, invisible fashion of life that you can wear with passion.
Motion is the sign of life. Stagnation is the prerequisite of death.
True wisdom reveals itself by loving everyone.
True wisdom can never find fault or a person at fault.
When you see a person for the first time, you're not seeing him, but seeing yourself and your whole life in his mirror.
Burning passion, definite purpose and joyful persistence are the defining force for true success.
It's not true that we lose our creative genius when we grow older, but we grow older because we forget to use our creative genius.
When we see things through our fixed, false beliefs, science becomes superstition.
Love is the best invisible net to catch hearts.
Adventure is a way of worthy life.
You're my story,you're my poetry,you're my floweryou're my deep driving desire.
Every thought has the power to spread its effects on other minds as a wave can spread all over the ocean.
When you do things with the power of passion and power of love, you create destructive beauty.
Be at your best and be patient.
You have to lose something to gain anything.
Wisdom and love never decrease by being shared.
Let us love and let it be the purpose of our life.
To expand our life, be loving and kind.
Fear of the unknown and resentment bring stress.
The earth is my home, the journey is my destination.
Nothing is more important than you,so don't fear or feel stress, whatever you do.
Life is finite, so focus on your purpose and do what is important.
Feel the joy and love anyway, stress will melt away.
Anxiety and stress derive from fear and self-doubt.
You can buy knowledge but not wisdom.
Concentrate on what is important, not what is urgent.
Burn, burn, burn to become the light,to enlighten the whole world.
Enjoy the love and beauty of life. It is the greatest success of life.
Let life go with love and joy.
Fill your life with love and then enjoy.
Life is a mirror of our mind and it reflects the beauty of our thoughts.
You're your best friend and worst enemy.
To enjoy the beauty of life, live in the moment, not in the past or future.
The measure of your greatness is not by the narrowness of your beliefs, but by the broadness of your vision.
Do more than expected, promise less than you can keep.
Life is finite but you're blessed with infinite love.
Measure your life not by its duration, but by its contribution.
Reduce the speed and intensity to reduce stress. A flower blooms slowly, in calmness, and in serenity.
Stress is a false perception of fear of the unknown.
A journey is the way to see and feel the diversity of humanity.
Learn to let urgency go. Nothing is urgent. Stress is the product of uncertainty and urgency of life.
To know the world, know yourself.
Enjoy the beauty of simplicity and slowness of life, let go of urgency, stress, and anxiety of life.
To be happy, be the cause of happiness for others.
When stress is the disease, then forgiveness and laughter are the medicine.
Stress steals the beauty from life.
Your house is not your home.My world is not your world.Your thoughts are your homewhere you're dwelling all along.
How beautiful it is to be stress free and bloom slowly like a flower.
Everything you do, do with great love.Make it a song of your soul,and beauty of your heart.
Urgency fills our life with stress and anxiety. but slowness, simplicity, and love fill our life with beauty and happiness.
To be a success, let go of the past and accept the beauty of change.
If you play with dirt, no matter if you win or lose, either way you will get dirty.
At a time when the joy of living is more painful than imagining the beauty of eternal life, we leave our life behind.
Let it go to let it be.
Power of softness and kindness are the greatest.
Be different. Trust yourself. Be bold.
Begin the journey. The whole world is waiting to help you.
When you have nothing to lose you become the owner of everything.
Where there are no changes there is no life. A plant has to change to bloom.
If you're under stress, your life is complex. Simplify your life to reduce the stress.
Let us say goodbye to winter to welcome the beauty of spring.
Just be yourself to change everything.
Control your thoughts to define your life.
Oh, my beauty!Oh, my reflection of life!Oh, my unmet desires!I am longing for youtor now and forever!
What you love is longing for you.
When you do things with love,it is a song of your heart.
Act as if there is no chance of failure.
Be confident. Don't seek permission to be yourself.
The best things to hold on to are the memories of friendship and love.
Turn your heart into a temple of beauty and kindness.With tears of love, wash the world from hatred and sadness.
Love heals the soul and cures the mind.
Soft moonlight touches my lips and cheeks,I feel your soul dance in my heart.Breeze of the Southern sea blows my hair,I feel your love touch my flowers of desire,In my garden roses dance with the kindness of air.I feel my soul wanting her bliss to share.
Why are you walking alonewhen love is walking along?
You can listen to the secrets of lifein the silence of night,in the voice of the ocean,in the beating of your heart.Just listen with your soul.
Where there is a strong desire and profound hope, there is a way.
Everything humanity have achieved is achieved by dreams, desires, and actions.
You're the way, you are the light. Let's go to illuminate the world.
You are a fountain of love and a thunder of beauty.
Beauty of heaven and earth resides in our heart and it is the joyful reflection of the soul.
Every flower is telling you the secrets of life; to understand, you have to listen to them with your heart.
Before you give up, let the hope shine again.
Time will take everything away from life, so why are we not giving something away with time?
There is nothing more real and more important in life than the love that we give away and the love that we receive.
Most of us are living in a prison of our fixed, false beliefs and never try to find the door to get out to see and feel the beauty of life, even when the door is wide open and welcoming.
Only those who can see, feel, and use the power of love, can enjoy the beauty and ecstasy of life.
When the moon kisses the stas in the silence with her lights of love, my heart dances with ecstasy and beauty of life.
Love is my love, power, strength, wealth, and purpose.
I will come during the spring with blooms of mystic ecstasy.I will vanish in the song of autumn with the falling colors and beauty.
An art is a poetry but only a few can read it.
Only the light from your heart can see the beauty of magnificent morn.
Beauty is the wilderness of sensual perception where we always want to get lost.
Beauty is the reflection of a loving heart, not the quality of an object or subject.
Enthusiasm is the key but action opens the door.
Stress comes from fear of the unknown, so have faith and fear will disappear and stress will melt away.
A loving heart is always young.
Your mind is a mirror and you see yourself in it again and again.
Confidence is good, but confidence with humility is far better.
Your mind is the most powerful magnet. What you think, you attract.
Let it be simple, let it be with love.
To be a success, be yourself.
Compassion brings us closer to each other.
Let us love and respect each other as a friend, not stranger.
Excellence is not a history, but a habit.
A friend is he who can feel you, adore you, understand you, and never leave you.
Nothing makes us so beautiful as our smiles.
I live to love and I love to be happy.
The only power that I want to use is the power of love.
Forgive to be free, let go to grow like a tree.
When you're there for others, you're ahead of everyone.
A smile is the dance of your soul.
Nothing gets easier but our abilities get better.
The time is always right, just act.
I found that things are always easier when I do them with love.
Define yourself before someone does it for you.
Before leaving the world, leave a profound positive mark of love upon the world.
Life is not measured by the money we earn but by the love that we give away.
If you want to be really beautiful, adorn yourself with a smile.
The more I love, the more I see the magic of love.
You born with three obligations: to love, to live, and to be happy.
To get rid of stress, be yourself and relax.
Wisdom is better than knowledge, for wisdom is simple but knowledge is complex.
He who loves, lives longer.
Life is eternal and, at the same time, ephemeral.
Let go of consistency, let go of certainty. Learn to live with the waves of change and uncertainty.
Life is a never-ending poetry of love.
A beautiful word of love radiates joy for ever.
Life is a bubble in the ocean of time. At the same time, it can hold all the water of the ocean in her heart.
Life is an endless story of lover and beloved.
You live your life proportional to your love for life.
Happiness in your life is directly related to your ability to love, not your ability to earn.
Live as if life is for loving and giving.
Our lives begin to end when we begin to forget to love.
The worst enemies of success are fear and doubt.
Be simple but think great to be great.
Life is a wave of love in the ocean of time.
I never lose in any argument, because I always make sure that my opponent wins.
When you are giving, your mind grows wings of joy to fly.
You are the center of your universe, without you nothing is there.
Anger always has a reason but there are no good reasons to be angry.
With love in the heart and kindness in the mind, nothing is impossible.
Anger always has a reason but love is always the answer.
I succeed in almost everything I do. My secret is persistence.
Don't be a leader to dictate, but be a person whom everyone wants to emulate and follow.
Life is worth living to reveal the beauties of life.
When fear is the disease, faith and confidences are the medicine.
Flowers are the poetry of the earth we are supposed to love and understand.
Smile reveals the beauty of heart, which is timeless and ageless.
Simplicity is the best strategy.Reciprocity is the best policy.
Worth of life depends on how much love you invested in it.
Morning sunrise wakes me upwith rays of hope.Clouds of fear can hide the sunbut not for long.If rays of hope are strongand patience is a song,then hope will bloom andrain will bring a rainbow.
Every morning, the sunrise wakes me up with rays of hope.
If my 'mind' don't mind, I don't mind.
Let us emulate nature, let us bloom like a flower to fill the world with kindness, tolerance, tranquility, beauty and love.
Always find a reason to dream, to hope, and to love.
Hope is the reason the flowers bloom.
Be kind enough to love those who don't deserve your love.
Be brave enough to listen to your heart, be bold enough to hope for the best.
If you're not a smart worker, it's about how hard you work double the amount from the heart; if you're not a hard worker, it's about how smart you work but times two from the brain.
Hope blooms when the time is ready.
Hope is the desire to bloom, but faith believes and visualizes the bloom.
The beauty of hope is that it often become a reality.
A man dies when hope flies.
Hope is the whisper of our heart about the possibilities of our lives.
There is always something beautiful to hope for. Always have a goal to shoot for.
With hopes we can fly with the stars in the mind's sky.
Wherever you go, go with love, but never leave hope behind.
Every sunrise gives you reason to hope. Every darkness of night teaches you patience.
Just because it is night now it doesn't mean that there is no morning. Just hope for the best and be patient.
No matter how knowledgeable you are, respect your parents for their experience and your children for their curiosity.
It is so amazing that this mighty world changes with us when we change.
How you see the world will define you.
Everyone around you becomes kind and loving when you express your kindness and beauty of love.
Be a butterfly and always look for kindness, softness and beauties.
Dare to fail. Dream to fly. Hope to win. Love to understand. Change to live.
You can touch the moon if you really want to do it.
When we talk, we express our preconceived thoughts, when we listen, we learn and give birth to new thoughts.
Be a person who sees endless beauty in nature and in humanity.
I wanted to live in your heart and in your dreams.I wanted to enjoy your love, laughter and screams.
You're only limited by your thoughts. You're limitless, boundless, endless and edgeless.
Feel the joy of life when you cry,when you smile, love or feel shy.
We are here, not to be someone, but to live joyfully, blissfully and love everyone.
Remember, you're the most loving child of this universe. Universe has to wait billions of years to get impregnated with you. You are the joy and creator of your universe.
Simplicity is the beauty of all creation.
For success, focus has utmost importance, but distraction is disastrous.
The purpose of life is to be purposeful.
Be the light in darkness.
Anger is the fire of ego which tries to burn the beauties of heart and soul.
Our success depends on goal-oriented, focused actions, not on distractions.
Life is meaningful when it is dedicated for the wellbeing of others.
When you can't focus on one thing, you will be distracted by anything.
Happiness is the ultimate purpose of life and supreme happiness comes from adding value in others life.
The purpose of life is to be happy and then spread the fragrance of happiness to enhance the beauty of life.
Life is so short, no time to spare, so choose carefully, love intensely and live blissfully.
To see the beauties, mysteries and magics of your existence look at it with intense love, child's wonder and joyful heart.
Always start your day with positive thoughts and attitude of gratitude.
There is nothing more important and precious on earth than the opportunity to love and appreciate.
Your anger is the fire which can burn the whole world, but forgiveness is the water which can extinguish the fire and bloom the flowers of peace and love.
When you want to change the world, have you changed yourself lately?
Never lose temper or get angry at a person who deserves your love. Remember everyone is craving for and deserves your love.
I am not trying to teach you anything but trying to ignite the fire of curiosity for knowledge and wisdom.
To be wise, know yourself.
I am not a human being but the song of the soul and dance of the spirit.
Happiness is when you're content with what you have and appreciate what you get with gratitude.
If you like to be immortal, live for others and die for others.
I enjoy the healing music and touch of love, touching my heart and soul when I give it away.
There are many roads,  there are many choices, but never forget to chose the road of peace and happiness.
This earth is your home, so love it with your heart.
As the sun has endless lights, endless power, endless warmth, so do you also have endless love with endless power and, even better, your power of love and capacity to give grows by giving.
Light of my heart is my spirit through which I created my universe,and I see the beauty of my sun, my moon and my dazzling stars.
Radiate your lights of love to enlighten the whole world, like the sun.
To transform this world into a better place to live, make yourself a better person first.
Your anger and resentment can destroy peace but love can fill the world with peace and happiness.
Love is the magnetic and attracting force between you and meand the beauty,and the world and everything in it.
Remember, pain and misery are transient and ephemeral but love has the healing power,which is eternal.
When you're angry and the fire of revenge is burning your mind, that is the best time to practice calmness, forgiveneess, kindness and love
I am very simple and kind of a man to be a politician.
Peace is present in every breath we take.Peace is present in every loving gesture we make.
To change the world, change yourself first.
To be, is to be in love.
Let us be awake and live every moment of our precious, loving, and spontaneous life.
You are the loving child of this universe, she is always eager to help you, your joy is her happiness.
Love has no monetary value, but life has no value without love.
Whenever I love you, I find myself more loving.
Humanity suffers because most of us are living in our prison of fixed, false beliefs and we don't want to get out of it.
Most of us will perish before knowing who we are and why we came here.
Do your best but do what is heartfelt and right.
t takes great courage to stand up against your fixed, false beliefs.
Freedom of thoughts are more important than any other kind of freedom.
Greatest gift that we can give is not a piece of diamond, but our unconditional love.
Today's miseries could be tomorrow's loveful memories.
Peace is not an option, it is the only option.
In the end, it doesn't matter how much you earned, but how much you gave away with love.
Always be positive, enjoy the music of rain on a rainy day.
You alone can change the world if you want to.
It is interesting to find that those whom I like, they also like me.
Anger and resentment are the cancer of our mind. To be cured, inject love in your heart and be kind.
We see the light of our soul when we are blind with love.
Value of life depends not on your possessions, but on your donation.
Kindness is the greatest love,it is the healing touch,it is the light of our soul,it is a message from the heart.
Miseries are often an option and it depends on perception.
We buy things, not with money, but with our precious life we call time.
A person who thinks about "why" is a philosopher.
Everyone thinks that they are intelligent even though there is no sign of intelligence.
Every society which allows violence against animals secretly becomes a violent society.
A great woman has three identities: a lovely daughter, a passionate lover, and a kind mother.
Clean out your mind closet.Clean out resentment and hatred.Clean out regrets and secrets.Now fill it with love, joy and respect.
A heart with love flies like a dove in the sky of beauty and kindness.
Don't worry about people, just love them.
Find what you love, now give all your heart to get it.
For success, optimism is more important than opportunity.
Smile as if you are an angel from heaven.
Like a flower, bloom with all your love and power.
Be an example, be kind and be simple.
True love never wants to get, just give. True love never can hurt because it always forgives.
We came to this world with love and hope to bloom like a flower, to beautify this garden we call earth, and spread the fragrance of happiness.
No matter what you're going through, have faith and have love.
Either you will drive your life toward success, or life will drive you into the ditch.
Life has no destination, it is a journey to see the beauty.
Oh beloved, I want to live in your love,to feel the joy of life, to see the beauty of desires,to enjoy the song of heart,to dance with you, my love.
Oh my love, pure and divine love,I want to drown in youand then get lost,to find myself again and again,as a symbol and source of love,pure, blissful and divine.
Be loving but bold, be kind but not cold.
We are like a drop of love, with crystal clear beauty, charm, joy and dance, like to vanish with the ocean of love to become the ocean
Wherever you go, go with love.
Love is the moonlight when the moon is your heart.
Be the star in someone's sky. Love with light from the high.
Smile as if you know the secret of life.
Do what is right, not what is important.
Love brightens the beauty of the heart.
Love everyone because everyone is your kin and this universe is your home.
Pain that you fear becomes present if you dare.
Our path may be different but our purpose of journey is the same.
I have no wealth or splendors to give, but I have love and smiles to share.
The window of opportunity is always open, just you have to find it.
I love you as the moon loves the nightto show her charm, beauty and magic of light.
The moon is very charming, alluring, attracting and magical, not because of its beauty, but because of its illusion and reflection of change.
Believe yourself again and again to find yourself.
Simplicity is the ultimate beauty of life.
Like a bird, fly against the wind of opinions to reach your destination.
Every dream is a butterfly flying in the garden we call life in search of flowers of success and happiness.
Smiles are very contagious so infect everyone with your smiles.
Love yourself first to love others.
The best blessing that you can give is your beautiful smile.
You have a light in your heart and that is your love, it can shine like a sun to enlighten the whole world.
I love you as the moon loves the night.
Moon reveals it's beauty in darkness to illuminate the world with the light of love. When humanity suffers, let us be like the moon.
All you need is love and joy.
Smile without reason, because you are the reason.
The moon is the lighthouse of love, and as changing as a woman's mind.
Be like the moon, give everyone your love and smiles.
Spread your smiles like the sunshine to cheer the world with love and joy.
It is always better to fail than not to participate.
Love dances with joy in your smile.
Be a poet and write your own unique poetry of life.
Smiles are the dance of our soul,with the music of love, to express the beauty of mind,for the happiness of spirit,and for the joy of the world.
A smile is the prettiest dance of your soul.
Spread the light of your love through the magic of smile.
In life, if your song is wrong, find another song.
Let us make this world a house of love and peace. Let us forget and forgive all hate and prejudice. Let us break all the walls of pride and prejudice. Let us open our door to welcome joy and peace.
Dance with your own way with your own tune no matter who watches it.
Smile, just because you're alive and enjoying the magic of life.
I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the sky
You are the eyes of the universe and the sunlight of the dawn. Universe exists because of you.
Love is the dance of the spirit on a stage called heart with the songs of mind to satisfy our eternal desires to belong.
Plan your life, keeping value of time in mind because time is your life and it is very limited.
Today is the best day to begin your life again and plan the rest of your life.
For a great life a road map of life is more important than the journey itself.
If you don't have a plan, you will never find enough time to finish a task.
To be a success, intensely focus on success oriented action not on roadblocks or obstacles.
Life is all about focusing on the goal, not on the donut hole.
A busy life is often full of nonsense but empty of essence.
I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the skyflying with the clouds, spreading her wings of imagination to find the rainbow of happiness and joy.
Be so bright that no one can hide the greatness of your light.
With the wings of love you can fly in everyone's heart.
Make life as a lifelong love affair with yourself.
Live and dwell in endless possibilities to find out what is possible.
If you are not trying to participate or win then you are trying to fail.
Life is an adventure, you only win if you are bold and courageous.
It is easy to live with someone of value than someone famous.
Always try to be someone of value than someone famous.
Be authentic, not a copycat.
Never seek permission to be yourself.
Spread your wings of love and fly in someone's sky of dream and imagination.
To expand life, love more; to get more from life, give more.
When your sky is covered with the clouds of sadness, smile like the sun and paint your own rainbow.
Let us be the flowers of love and let us spread the beauty of happiness.
Endure the storm, but don't forget to enjoy the rainbow and the thunder.
Be kind like a flower to fill the world with beauty, joy and happiness.
Belief is a shelter, so before believing, always find out the truth.
There is nothing more uplifting than love, except love with kindness.
Read,not to believe, contradict or complement, but to understand.
Every beautiful thought adorns your life with beauty and love.
When you will learn to recognize your true self, you will find the true beauty and the magic of life.
Don't unzip your chest to show all your scars,hold it tight with love and let them bloom like flowers.
To find love, joy and peace for the humanity, let us promise to build a peace loving and a kind family.
Nothing is more important than our family where our heart dwells.
Family is a place where love never ends.
Family is the garden of humanity where every flower grows with love and kindness, in search of beauty, purpose and happiness.
Every flower has a song in her heart, which we can never see.We only can see her external beauty.
Before believing, find the truth; before accepting, try to understand.
Think in a new way, think every day to find the truth.
Try to understand, analyze and find the truth before believing.
Reflect the light of love by becoming the mirror of kindness.
Every intention emits a power of attraction, which brings all the forces of universe to fulfill your dreams.
In our external world we create and attract with our beliefs, thoughts, emotions and perceptions.
Law of attraction magnetically attracts what you think, what you feel, what you dream consciously and subconsciously in your life.
What you believe, that is your truth, that you will attract and, for sure, that will manifest in your life.
Belief is a shelter, a prison for a curious mind.
You have the power within you to choose a life of love and beauty or choose a life of misery and destruction. What you chose, that you will attract and that you will manifest.
In the morning, a cup of love, kindness and sunshine make my day bright and happy.
Today, just for today, let someone live in your beauty of love.
Let us decorate the world with the flowers of peace, love, and laughter.
You are the light in the heart of the universe, to illuminate the world spread the light of your love.
What you want to see, allow it and let it be.
A good friend loves you when the condition is better, a best friend holds your hand when you're in gutter.
Love has a beginning but love has no ending.
If you have no time to love everyone, then just love one, but don't forget to love.
Think that today is the best day of your life and, with love and kindness, change yourself to begin the first day of the rest of your existing life.
Everyone has a button for sadness and a button for happiness, your condition depends on which one you push the most.
The condition you're in at this moment is the product of your previous thoughts, to change your condition, change your thoughts.
Never stop learning, when you stop learning, life stops.
Life is not about destination, it is a journey of creation.
Writing is my pleasure and the play,where I find myself again and again.
The thoughts that you think define your life that you live. So have good thoughts to have a great life.
Such as the sun,let us love everyone,now feel and behold,the dance of your spirit and joy of your soul.
You are my cry, you're my tears, you're my joy, you're my heart and love, only I don't know who am I.
Magnificent beauty of nature inviting you to long for her, to love her, and then purify your heart and mind with the illuminating beauty of nature.
Trust everyone and love everyone, you will never lose.
You don't have to be perfect, just be loving and compassionate.
Let us play the flute of love to spread the music of peace, joy and happiness.
In the center of your being there is a fountain of music and that is your love.
In some way, everyone is your son or daughter, so without judging them, love everyone.
To be a success, find what you love and do it with all your heart.
A good friend enjoys with you, a best friend cries with you.
Creativity comes from curious, intuitive, persistent action.
An optimist sees a failure as an opportunity to excel, but a pessimist sees a failure as an opportunity to quit.
Emulate nature; see! A flower creates it's beauty with openness, kindness, slowness and with harmony.
What we dream repeatedly, we become.
I am trying to get lost in me.To dream, to feel, to see, to be.
To achieve greatness, feel grateful for what you have.
For those who have a great attitude, their life fills with an abundance of beauty, which deserves gratitude.
Your task is not to find a job but to find what makes you happy and do it with all your love.
There are no opportunities, you and your life is an opportunity.
Fearing failure is fearing life. Failure is a great way to learn from life.
Failure is not an option, winning or learning are the options.
To find happiness, love is the only way.
It is your life, so who should change it?
Optimistic curiosity and persistent goal oriented action bring more success than anything else.
Do it with great love or forget it.
Let your dream scream at you when you lose focus.
A winner keeps playing until the winning shot.
Your purpose of life is not to find a job, but to find what you love and do it with all your heart.
To achieve greatness, let us be helpful and grateful to others.
Be gentle, kind and loving to yourself.
Love is the light through which we find joy and happiness.
There are two possibilities: accept the reality or change yourself to get ready to accept the reality.
We are not in the world, the world is inside us.
Make every moment of life a moment of joy.
I find joy in every moment because that is my only choice.
As a human being, we have unlimited power and unlimited abilities, we just have to look for it.
Joy is a gift of life, so fill your life with joy and then give it away.
Try to be the best even if you can't be the best, you will be among the betters.
On the bank of an ocean, let your mind fly in the cloudless sky while your heart enjoys the love of the sun.
The more you appreciate and celebrate life with joy, the more abundance will fill your life to enjoy.
Let us fill our mind with kindness, heart with love, and life with joy.
Celebrate life as it is, let it go to find out what it could be.
A heart full of love and a joyful smiling face is the best makeup for life.
I have nothing to do today but to smell the freshness of flowers and feel the joy of life.
Happiness is an inner perception, not a defined destination.
My only advice is to feel with joy, listen with your heart, be kind to all, be compassionate when needed, and love endlessly.
Joy is a perception of elation which keeps us moving with life.
Greatness never comes from having power, but it embraces you when you empower.
To find out how much we can do or how far we can go, we have to challenge ourselves constantly.
Your dreams will be your reality if you don't fear them and have enough courage to act on them.
The best way to find the opportunity in the future is to prepare yourself for it today.
Life is a lifetime opportunity to make the right choice to be great.
Life gives us the greatest opportunity to serve and be happy.
By giving, you get, if you don't give, don't expect.
Life is not defined by what you achieve, but what you give.
Luck is a dance of possibilities and opportunities.
Best way to achieve greatness is to serve others with great love.
When you trust yourself, everyone around you will trust you, too.
It doesn't matter how big you are, it matters how big your thoughts are.
If you don't fear the failure, then failures are the best muscle builder.
The difference between success and failure is persistence.
Persistence is the pillar of success.
If you want to be great, see greatness in others and appreciate it with your whole heart.
If your vision is great, you become great.
Greatness is in simplicity and in kindness, like Mother Theresa.
Life is not about tomorrow. Life is about living your fullest today.
We all have to go. Let us create something which will stay longer or forever.
You achieve greatness, not by accumulating wealth, but by becoming king, loving, forgiving, and simple.
I am not rich, but I am wealthy and my wealth is my love.
If you have a definite purpose, if you have a driving desire to achieve it and if you go with passion, then don't wait for success because you are already a success.
We become great, not by changing the world, but by loving the world and changing ourselves.
The first step toward success is a deep driving desire.
For success, focus on your goal, not an obstacle.
For success, be focused, be goal oriented, and be persistent.
Life is a journey without destination but it unfolds our conscious and subconscious expectations.
If you are doing what you love to do and on the way helping the humanity, then you are a success.
You have to create emptiness to fill it with success.
Adversities are the best teacher and challenges are the best motivator.
Success is the byproduct of desires, purpose-oriented actions, and persistence.
For success, have a laser-like, purpose-oriented focus, and persistently go toward it.
I attribute my success to my deep driving desire and persistence to face the tremendous adversity.
Greatness of thoughts define greatness. Greatness in actions define immortality.
With great vision, strong determination, and persistent action, everyone is capable of achieving greatness.
The measure of greatness is in humility, simplicity, and in kindness.
This moment will never ever come back, so create a memory and hold it tight.
Life has no limits. We are limited by our expectations.
A journey of a lifetime is measured by memories, not by time.
Wherever you travel to see beauty, you find yourself and your reflection again and again.
Enjoy the moment, this is all we have at this moment. This moment is our life.
If you want to be wise, learn wisdom from nature.
For a happy life, be kind and loving and be the source of happiness for others.
For a peaceful life, always think of peace and forget to judge others.
Knowledge comes from reading but wisdom comes from experience of living.
It is better to love than expecting love.
Be as bright as the sun then spread your light all over the world.
A flower never blooms in a hurry so live a life slowly but beautifully.
You are the vessels of endless love. Your little, soft and melting heart is always carrying it for you and all, endlessly.
You are my light! In my mind, in my heart, and in my eyes. If you're not, then how can I see you?
When you're looking for me, I am hiding in your heart, just find me with your light.
You may not always change your situation but you can always change your perception. For better or worse, it will change the situation.
Life is an endless journey. I travel just to unfold the beauty of my life.
Go for the life you dream and desire with boldness but without fear.
A busy life is an empty life.
Life has dazzling beauty. To see it, open the window of the mind and remove the curtain of conformity.
Wherever you are, for sure, you are everywhere.
Life is a one-way journey to be enjoyed, so enjoy the beauty of the present moment with all your heart.
Go for your dreams and get lost to find yourself again and again.
When I am looking for you, then in silence, your every atom is longing for me.
Life is a surprise waiting, every moment we are discovering that surprise.
Life is those moments when we forget to live but are too busy to enjoy.
A purposeful life is a happy life.
For a beautiful life, fill it with service and love.
For an illuminated life, give yourself up for the service of others.
Wisdom is in silence.
A fool thinks he is always right, a wise person always doubts himself.
Wisdom is not in intelligence but in simplicity.
For an immortal life, don't look for power, but be the source of power and inspiration for others.
Life is not waiting for you. This moment is your life, so love it, live it, and enjoy it.
Life is a drama of love, hopes, dreams, desires, and fears. To enjoy it, be bold to overcome fear.
Like a flower, the magical softness of your voice touched my heart.
As a physician, we heal by sharing our bestowed power of knowledge, love, and compassion.
Have an enthusiastic mind and a soft, but sweet, heart.
Joy and happiness are the treasures of life and it comes when we appreciate and express gratitude for the abundance of our life.
Be the gardener of gratitude to grow flowers of happiness in your garden.
Let's go with what you have to get what you want.
Every flower is a love of a dancing sun, ready to kindle your heart.
Gratitude is a prayer of an appreciating heart for the great gift of life and its endless treasures.
Sharing is an inherent sign of growth.
When we share intelligence, wealth, or love, we grow.
By sharing, we express our gratitude for abundance and create emptiness for receiving.
We will go away and nothing will remain except what we shared and gave away with love.
Moments of love is life, a life is for moments of love.
Let us be grateful and express gratitude for all those beauties and magic of our life.
Let us be kind and pay our deepest gratitude to those angels who fill our life with joy, beauty, and magic.
When the heart is torn and broken, only love and kindness can mend it.
Life itself is the most precious gift to me, for that I am perpetually indebted.
Every moment i am expressing gratitude for all the abundance and all the beauty that fills my heart with joy.
Let us be appreciative and grateful for the abundance, beauty, experience, and bliss of life.
Let us express our deepest gratitude for every moment that we spend in loving, laughing, and living out time that we call life.
When gratitude begins, then life finds the abundance and suffering ends.
I want to thank everyone and everything,every sunrise and every sunset,every abundance and every beauty,every tragedy and every triumph,every sadness and every happiness,every moment and every experiencethat we call life deserves my deepest gratitude.
Gratitude is the key to unlocking the door to abundance.
Not the comfort, but the confrontation and hardship, is the teacher of a great life.
Gratitude transforms our mindset from enough to abundance and opens the window of limitless potentials.
Never forget to see the beauty, even in ugliness.
The driving desires of human hearts are to be loved and appreciated.
Gratitude is one of the greatest attitudes of the human heart.
Accepting and appreciating heart brings abundance in life but gratitude acknowledge and dance with joy of receiving.
Leadership is going for right purpose, doing right things in a right way for a right reason, with a right vision in a right time.
Don't try to find a reason to be kind, just be kind, compassionate, and make a difference.
You're not here just to make a living but for appreciating and expressing gratitude for the abundance and beauty of life that you are enjoying.
Are deepest desires are: someone to understand us, someone to appreciate us, someone to inspire us, and someone to enjoy what we are.
Gratitude opens our mind to accept more and fills our heart to give more.
Kindness has the warmth in it and it can melt a hateful heart.
A best friend is he who hurts you with their love and feels you when you're hurt.
Everyone in this world is your kin, so be kind to everyone and rude to no one.
The only way to find out how far you can trust a person is by wholeheartedly trusting him or her.
A leader is he who has a great vision and can inspire others to go along to pursue it with all great passion.
Be kind to all and trust all. If you do so, only a few will break your trust.
If you can't trust others, nobody will be able to trust you.
You get lucky when you are well prepared for the opportunity.
When you find someone is crying and her life is torn, just be kind, extend your hand with love and be a best friend.
Trust in humanity, she is only in her infancy, she will grow to be great and trustworthy.
It is better to trust and lose occasionally than always be suspicious and lose every time.
Trust yourself first then everybody will follow.
Kindness is the highest form of service to the humanity.
Kindness if the best form of prayer and a gift of pure love.
When we are truly aware of great abundance in our life, feel grateful and express gratitude for those treasures and beauty, then we are fully living.
Let us celebrate every little beauty, every little kindness, joy, love, and happiness; and let us express our deepest gratitude for those moments of joy.
Giving and receiving is the law of life. When we give with love and accept with deepest gratitude, our souls rejoice.
To improve someone's life, don't reprimand but find the opportunity to appreciate and encourage.
Love is the most valuable currency of life which you can spend as much as you want without the risk of bankruptcy.
All progress of humanity happened because humans wanted to be loved and appreciated.
Life turns out to be the best for those who give their best effort whatever they do and enjoy the abundance of life with love and gratitude.
Be kind to all and rude to no one.
If you want to get more, appreciate and express heartfelt gratitude for what you have.
Plant the seeds of gratitude to grow and enjoy the abundance of life.
Kindness is an attribute of strength, it has boldness in it and the power of love.
Kindness is the universal language of pure love, so let us express ourselves with kindness.
Like a flower, be soft, loving, kind, and beautiful, but never lose the courage to bloom.
It is never too late to begin again. It is never too late to change and live again.
Goals are important but what you become to achieve goals is much more important.
I am not pretty, I am not ugly,I am not true, I am not false, I am just me, a reality, a conception not a misinterpretation.
Dreams come true if we can overcome the fear of failure and pursue them.
Kindness is soft and beautiful like a fresh flower.
Let us love each other, then appreciate each other, then express our gratitude to each other; we will create heaven on earth.
Appreciate all of life's beauty and express the deepest gratitude for all the abundance.
Today is the best day with great possibilities and opportunities, so change yourself to start a new beginning.
Today is the best day to change the rest of your life.
Gratitude is the expression of love for the earth and for the humanity, for the abundance of life and its untold beauty.
Follow your heart, don't fear changes. Heart changes its content every second with love.
If you do nothing, nothing will get done and nothing will change.
Win over the fear and adversity and prove yourself wrong.
When we appreciate and express gratitude for the abundance in our life our lives become more abundant.
Be bold, be a success, and change the world.
Forgiveness is the highest form of a gift of kindness and it brings freedom from the prison of hatred and revenge.
We want money but we crave appreciation.
Forgiveness is the best gift of love and kindness that we can give to our enemies.
Forgiveness is the kindest form of revenge and it brings the sweetest form of peace on earth.
When we give with love and joy, and accept with an open heart and deep gratitude, abundance fills our emptiness.
Gratitude is the combination of appreciate, love, kindness, and compassion in a beautiful heart.
You never can grow unless you change. So fear the stagnation and embrace the change.
Every moment, with every heartbeat, we change, but still we fear the change.
You have to let go to better embrace the best.
Success is not the final destination but the stepping stone for the next.
Success is a transformation not a final destination.
Desire is the key to motivation, but determination, commitment, and actions are the keys to success.
Today's pain will bring tomorrow's gain.
Adversity could be an advantage in the future. To be a success, take the advantage of adversity whenever possible.
No one can reach the pinnacle of success without crossing the treacherous valleys of failures.
Make your failure the stepping-stone for success.
Today's sufferings will be the pleasure of future success.
To be a success, follow your obsessions obsessively.
We are as successful as much we can think of and act on.
When we fail we pursue the success.When we succeed we party.
Failure is our teacher, not the success.
Failure is our best teacher but fear of failure is our worst enemy.
You may not be a great success when you are too busy with life and forget to love.
Success is not a destination, it is a journey. Failure is not permanent, it is transient. So continue your journey with intermittent roadblocks.
Our biggest obstacle to success is not the lack of opportunity but addiction to conformity.
Experience comes from failure and success comes from experience.
To achieve any success we have to endure some pain.
To be a great success, be happy today.
Scars are the medals of success, not the glitters or the gold.
Fear success but not the mistakes.
Don't complain because it is very difficult to be successful but rather be happy because there are many opportunities to be a success.
How much others love you is not very important, but how much you love yourself will define your success.
To be a great success get busy with what you like but don't forget to love.
Success comes from patience and passion.
Wisdom is essential for successbut failure is the source of wisdom.
Experience comes from failure and success comes from experience. Today's pain will bring tomorrow's gain.
Scars are the awards of success, not the medals.
Failure is often our best teacher not the success.
Success is a process, but a failure is a forward step for success.
Failure will teach you more wisdom than a great success.
You will succeed in everything you want to do, so start today with your heart and with your love.
There is only one way to success and that is love. Love what you want to do, it will be done.
A life with simplicity and joy is the best statement of success.
My ego drives me nuts. It asks me to be competitive, creative, and smart.
Be gentle, confident and action-oriented. Remember, your actions will make a difference.
Believe that you are successful, dream it every day, soon you will find that you are successful.
Biggest obstacle in the way of success is the fear of failure.
An inventor is he whose thoughts and imagination become things of reality by creative action.
Whatever you can dream and believe, you can achieve.
If you want to change the world, first change yourself.
Wherever your thoughts and beliefs can take you, you can go there.
When there is no cure, give the hope and share the possibility. Shine the light of miracle in the darkness of impossibility.
Act on the possibilities and opportunities in front of you. Your future will be bright and blissful, whatever you do.
Success is important but what you become on the way to success is more important.
You know you're successful when your wants and needs are in harmony with your current situation.
Enthusiasm and passions are the fundamental ingredients of all success.
What I want, it is my ego's demand. What I get, my ego is not satisfied with that.
Follow your blisson the way to success.Mountains will moveand give you access.
To be a success, follow your love but not the process.
Because of dreams, success is worth pursuing. Because of love, life is worth living.
In life, be daring, look for adventure, provide the service and love the nature.
Never let your success interfere with your humanness.
Today is the most important day to start a new beginning. It will open the door of opportunity and reveal the holding.
When life presents you with a problem, show the courage, make yourself a hundred times bigger than the problem.
It is your future that really matters.
Whatever you expect, you will get. So expect success, not regret.
When you see the world through your mind, you are very judgmental. See the world through your heart and be non-judgmental.
Work like it is your passion, vision, and mission. Love like you are drunk with love without intermission.
If you've got an idea, act on it up to its perfection.
When you have the ability to dream, you have the capability to do.
It is not important how much money you gave away. It is important what good it will do on the way.
To gain something, be ready to give up something.
You have to have courage to begin anything. Without courage and enthusiasm, there is nothing.
Small dreams will not take you to the moon. So think big and start dreaming big soon.
Our spirit is universal, all powerful, and limitless. Why do we put societal boundaries around us? They are not boundless.
It is not the fame, not the flesh, not the money. We want something else, something pretty.
I came. I saw the enormous possibilities and power of the human mind. It is the biggest plot of fertile land in the world. We just have to find the right see and the right technique of cultivation.
Your everyday actions will define you and your virtue.
Virtue creates reputation, but action brings success.
Commit to excellence, whatever you do. It will bring joy, happiness, and success for you.
Never try to be the passenger of life. Be the driver and enjoy the ride.
When you act with your heart, the universe conspires to help with your act.
Failing to win is not important, but failing to participate is.
I imagine, therefore I am.
If you want to win, don't just dream it. Act on it.
Have an intrinsic sense of direction of life. Have a goal-oriented conviction and trust.
I feel lucky for my upbringing and tremendous adversity, which made me so successful, now I like to devote my life to improve lives of others, who are facing adversity every day.
Where you are no is the reflection of your lifelong thoughts and actions.
The essence of greatness is service to others.
When life presents you with a problem, have the courage, find the solution and become bigger than the problem.
An innovator sees things not as they are, but as they could be.
Look for the opportunity, not for the consistency.
You are a winner when you have the courage to face the adversity and endure the difficulties.
In the problems lie the opportunities. You become strong by facing adversities.
You are a success when you are going for your goal with passion and conviction.
It takes many years to build good reputations, but it takes a few minutes for their destruction.
Greatness always indicates simplicity. Wisdom always results from curiosity.
Make mistakes often without remorse or fear. You will gain experience and will be a winner.
If a pleasure lasts forever, it isn't a pleasure anymore.
As a rule, the human mind gets attached to possessions very firmly. They don't want to lose anything. They hold on to the little possession and can't see the big possibilities.
Consciousness and awareness are the sources of all possibilities and infinite creativity.
Are you thinking? Are you creating? Ask yourself whenever you feel boring?
Thought is the supreme power. The right question will have the right answer.
When you change your thinking, you change the world.
Knowledge is not the power; it is the potential power. Willing is not the action, but potential action.
Everyone has a purpose of life. My purpose of life is to serve humanity.
When you are beloved and happy, you are a great success.
You become lucky when you prepare yourself for the opportunity.
Give yourself wherever you can, whenever you can. You will have more to give and share again and again.
Follow your passion; follow your bliss. No matter what, you will be a success.
It is rarely possible to learn yourself fully.
You are knowledgeable when you know yourself.
Anyone with great ambition, great vision, and great passion can be a great person.
We fear no one knows our potential, ability, power, and talent. We fear to learn about our capability and capacity so we keep it latent.
When you have a purpose of life it becomes the light to show you the path toward your destination.
Express your feelings, no matter what. Make your every word beautiful, bright, and lovely. Make your every thought creative, caring, and lively.
When you have a purpose in life it becomes the light to show you the path toward your destination.
Live for a reason. Live with passion.
Peace is a fresh flower.
Walk through the past and learn the way. I am walking through the present, taking action every day. I am preparing for the future in a great way.
Have you achieved your goal today? Fantastic! Set a goal for tomorrow, next month, next year, and years from now.
Dreams are reality for the subconscious mind, but wisdom is the perception of knowledge. Wisdom is the internalization of knowledge.
Knowledge is potential power, but wisdom is the readily available power of the mind.
Express your ideas and your thoughts.
Be wise and resist pleasures. A fool always seeks pleasures.
Let's have a life with momentum and action. Set a goal for every day and every season.
An honest and wise man is always a very simple man.
Thoughts are the imagination of the conscious mind and dreams are the imagination of the subconscious mind.
Take action today and at this moment.
The best way to acquire wisdom is by perceptual realization.
Reality is the dream for the subconscious mind.
If you become the light of peace there will be no darkness of hatred.
If you are not thinking differently, you are not exercising your freedom.
If you want to change anything or your surroundings, change your perception; it will change everything.
If you want to change the world, change your perception and awareness. The world will change.
Peace does not mean an absence of violence or conflict, but it means how we respond to it, with violence or with love and understanding. Hate never can eradicate hate but love can do that.
A hero is someone who enlightened your life, whom you can emulate and adhere.
You character and action will reveal your purpose.
Create a goal and a purpose to live for, work for, and die for.
Life without a defined purpose is similar to a boat without a crew in the middle of the ocean.
Simplicity is the best wisdom.
Have the imagination, create the vision, go with passion, and take the action; you will achieve all of your goals.
Did you fail? Try, try again. There is no gain without pain.
Persistence creates genius; without persistence, there is no winner.
The human mind is an uninvented field and the source of unlimited resources.
The first step to going somewhere is to begin.
Your thoughts, beliefs, and imagination create you.
There is no life without change.
Give yourself to a great cause, not only your possessions.
We have to change every day to survive, but we fear change the most.
As you think, so you are.
Success is the greatest teacher for future success.
Every living object has to change every moment just to live.
We create ourselves endlessly.
When confidence is there, conviction is easy.
You are a prisoner of your thoughts. Expand your thoughts and get out of the prison.
As is our enthusiasm, so is our ability.
Liberty opens the door to possibility. Freedom gives us a chance to make that possibility a reality.
Wisdom is creating connections between the current perceptual realities with future imaginative possibilities.
Your perception about the world creates your thoughts, your thoughts create your desires and intention, and your intentions manifest as your reality.
Be an example, not an adviser.
Success is defined, not by what you achieve in life, but by what you do for others without expectations.
What you do without expectations defines your success.
Every thought is a potential reality.
My thoughts are limitless. Social conditioning creates the limits. I like to overtake those and like to go where my thoughts take me.
Success is a way of life that has meaning and purpose.
Be peaceful to bring peace to the world.
Peace is not the absence of poverty But the presence of love for beauty
Be yourself to understand others.
Love yourself to love others.
Be the light to show the way to others.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal that will make this world a better place for future generations.
Success is a creative journey with meaning and purpose.
Success is a way of life with the sense of connection, compassion, and expansion of human life.
History will remember you for your accomplishments, not for your ability.
Do according to your capability.
Act according to your capacity.
Go according to your curiosity.
Be according to your possibility.
Do according to your capability.Act according to your capacity.Go according to your curiosity.Be according to your possibility.
Peace is not the absence of intolerance  Peace is a way of life with joy of tolerance.
The source of greatness lies in commitment, persistence, and perseverance.
Success is a way of life, which progressively expands your joyfulness, happiness, and fulfillment.
If you have enthusiasm, boldness, and confidence, you are already a success.
You will find the peace, not by looking outside, but by changing your thoughts, feelings and perception inside.
We always will have some differences but still we could be happy and peaceful if we learn to love each other.
I am a little childI am the symbols of peaceI am the symbols of loveI am your future, just for youI will be hear for everI am your loveI am your hopeI am really the reflection of youSo just for me Save the peace, keep alive the hopeLight the lamp, whatever you do.
It is preposterous to think that we are peaceful when every day we spend more money to built killing machine than to educate our children.
Plant the seeds of trust and compassionMake caring and sharing a life's missionHold hand with dreams of greatness Peace will grow with beauty and fragrance.
Peace does not mean an absence of violence or conflict, but it means how we respond to it, with violence or with love and understanding. Hate never can eradicate hate but love can.
We can do more for the peace just by changing our thoughts. Be an example of compassion and kindness like Mother Teresa. We all can do that without harming anyone.
I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the soul of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Peace is not the absence of warbut the presence of love and care
Practice silence, practice patience, practice to love every existence, peace will be there.
When we will learn to be nonjudgmental with ourselves and to others this world will see the peace forever.
Peace is a fresh flower; when it's freshness and beauty touches heart,it will last forever.
Peace is not the absence of agonyBut the presence of joy of harmony
For a day, just for a dayWe should swim in the love bayWe should celebrate peace dayFor a whole day, just for a day. We should think peace all the dayWe should walk peaceful wayFor a day, just for a peaceful day.
When someone hurts you, hates you, don't hate him, win him with love; you will find the peace.
Peace is not only the absence of violence, but the presence of love, kindness, compassion and harmony.
You are born for service, service is love, service is joy, service brings endless peace and happiness.
When we will learn to seethere is no you and me.You and me becoming we,in the world peace will be.
When we will learn to see, not you and me, but only we, then there will be peace in this world.
The world is a peaceful place.We make it hateful by forgetting our grace.
When you will create peace within yourself, world will be a peaceful place.
When we will learn to use our love as a currency to buy the peace, peace will be there.
If war, destruction and killings are the prerequisite to bring the peace, then I really don't want it.
There will be peace in the world when we will learn to understand that there are no you and me, there is only we in this world.
If we can't solve the problem, resolve the difference, then embrace the diversity, bring the silence, time will solve the problem and peace will prevail.
Love with a peaceful mind and bring peace with the power of love.
Peace is not merely the absence of war or conflict but the presence of tranquility, harmony and love.
Play the game of peace, not the war.Play, not with gun, but with laughter.
When we will learn to live in harmony with nature,we will learn to live in peace with each other.
For peace, look not outside but inside.
Love is divine and peaceful but hate is devilish and dreadful. So love everyone without judging them, you will be in peace always.
No mother ever wants a war, they want to see their children grow up in peace, surrounded by love.
When we will learn to use the power of love to win the war, universal peace and happiness will be there.
If we learn to know that there is no enemy but we only have friend with misunderstanding then peace will be there.
To win the peace, fight with your love and understanding.
Even though human spirit always enjoys the peace, the human ego drives joy from war.
Human race should have a common goal and that is to establish infinite peace in this world which we call home.
Our spirit is always in peace but our ego is looking for war, so calm the ego and love the spirit forever.
If you are the light of peace there will be no darkness of hatred.
To promote peace, promote understanding. To promote understanding, promote love.
He is the best fighter who fights with love for the world peace.
Ego seeks the domination by war, but spirit seeks the peace through love.
Cleverness is egocentric, dramatic, gives you an illusion of success. We are always running behind it and ultimately suffer. Whereas simplicity is spiritual, blissful, not dramatic, simple but joyful and gives inner peace. Which is our ultimate goal.
When we will learn to emulate the peacefulness of a tree, love of a flower, the earth will be a garden of love and peace.
Peace is a process of self-realization, a realization that peace resides inside us, in our inner calmness and tranquility.
Peace means the way of finding the inner calmness, tranquility and joy, in the midst of conflicts and injustice.
Until we learn to love everyone in this universe, how can there be peace?
If peace is our ultimate goal, love should be our only weapon.
Every human desires peace and happiness, but only a few have the goal to attain those.
If we know that we all came from the same place and our destination is the same, then how could there be any conflicts? Why are we are loving each other and why we are not in peace?
When you become the source of joy, when you become the source of peace, your world and world around you become joyful and peaceful. you become the symbol and messenger of joy and peace.
Peace is not out there and no one can really give you peace. Most often than not you are at war with yourself. To find the peace create the inner calmness, tranquility and practice self love.
When your mind is tranquil, happy and peaceful, you will find peace everywhere.
You will not able to find peace if you are the source of unhappiness for others.
Peace will be there when you will be looking for it and ready for it.
When you are in peace with you, you will find the peace everywhere you go.
Peace is inner joy, tranquility, nonjudgmental love and universal compassion.
Our job is not to find the peace or create peace, but to find and eliminate all the obstacles on the way to the peace.
The practice of love and compassion are the most important treatment for the sickness of hatred and revival of peace in the world.
Wherever you are, whatever you are doing, do something for peace.
To find the peace, learn to trust.
If we think about the world peace as much as we think about what to eat next time only for a month, peace will be there.
Don't look outside in the world or in wilderness to find the peace, look inside your heart, where it resides.
For peace, living in harmony is essential.
When you realize who you are and why you're here, then peace will be there.
Until we learn to love each other, try to understand each other, and be compassionate to each other, peace will be an illusion.
Peace begins with nonjudgmental love.
To find peace, find the love and understanding.
Love yourself to love others.Be yourself to understand others. Be the light to show the way to others.Be peaceful to bring peace to the world.
Fighting for peace is not the resolution but loving for peace is the solution.
I am the symbol of peaceI am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the sole of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness
If every one of us spreads the message of love, compassion, kindness and forgiveness, peace will be there.
Displays of weapons will not be able to bring peace, only displays of love and understanding can do that.
To bring peace in this world, you have to be peaceful with yourself.
If we all want the peace and flooded the world with love, peace will wait for us at the shore.
A little love, a little kindness,a little hope, a little joyfulness,a little tolerance, a little gratefulness,brings harmony and creates peacefulness.
The best road I want to walk on is the road surrounded by peace.
Let us find the way to the peaceLe us make peace, the way of lifeLet us sing the song of peaceLet us dance together with joy of lifeLet us feel and love each otherLet us share and bloom togetherLet us dare to care for who sufferLet us dream a peaceful earth forever.
Peace is a dreamland. Peace is in my imagination.Peace is in my heart. Peace is in my mind forming a singing band. Peace is my best friendalways holding my hand.Peace is the only battle I am fighting for with the power of my love.
If we learn to love each other and care, enduring peace will fill the world to share.
To find the inner peace be utmost honest to yourself.
I would like to invite everyone for the Third World War, but fight the war with love, not with the gun, to win the world peace. We all will be a winner.
We can bring peace in the world, not by eliminating violence in the world, but by finding the causes of violence and by preventing those from infecting the society.
Peace begins with understanding and trust.
When the power of love overtakes all other power then we will find the true peace on earth.
Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
To achieve peace, think of peace.
I dream of a land of peace where everyone can live in harmony.
People with evil ideas will think and do as they have learned, but those people with good ideas have the responsibility to show them the way of love, way of truth, and the way of peace.
This universe is your home. So make your home peaceful by loving, caring and sharing.
The world will see the peace when we will understand that there are no enemies but there are friends who don't understand me.
Peace is not only the absence of war, but the presence of harmony.
When there is harmony between thoughts and deeds, there is peace.
Be an instrument of peace, not a preacher of hate.
Peaceful is he who is living in the moment, but not in the past nor in the future.
War never can bring peace; only understanding, love, kindness and compassion can do that.
It is insanity to expect to live in peace when always we are getting ready for war.
I hope some day we will learn to use the power of love, not the power of gun and world will see the universal peace.
In this forest of humanity we hate each other more than we love each other. When we will learn to love each other, only then we will see the peace.
I am the symbol of peace I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the sole of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Peace is not the absence of fear but the presence love and care.
Peace is not the absence of war,but the presence of love and care.Peace is not the absence of agony,but the presence of joy of harmony.Peace is not the absence of poverty,but the presence of love for beauty.Peace is not the absence of intolerance.  Peace is a way of life with joy of tolerance.
Peace is in selfless caringPeace is in true understanding Peace is in undeserved kindnessPeace is in joyful forgiveness Peace is in innocent trustPeace is in becoming justPeace is in a dancing butterfly Peace is in a clear starry skyPeace is a child's loving kissPeace is a life's pure bliss
Focus on kindness not on hate.Bliss will flow to open the gate.
Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care.
Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care. Focus on kindness not on hate.Bliss will flow to open the gate.Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
I am the humanity, I am the symbols of peace.I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the sole of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
War can't bring peace only understanding and love can do that.
War never can bring peace but a caring heart with love can do that.
Violence never can wipe out violence, only a caring heart with love can do that.
Peace is a butterfly Flying flower to flowerWith a song in her heartBut a great love for the beautyWith a great purpose and duty.
Peace is always kind.
There is nothing better than love, kindness and forgiveness to create enduring peace.
Peace is always loving and tranquil.
Peace is inside us, it's a natural state of mind;to find it, we create war, destroy the world like a blind.
Don't let anything disturb your inner peace and tranquilly.
Love the peace not the war,love the humanity and take care.
Peace is a way of life.Peace is a way of love.Peace is a heart's forgiveness.Peace is a mind's kindness.Peace is living in harmony.Peace is living with courtesy.Peace is living with trust.Peace is living with truth and trust.Peace is living with freeness.Peace is living with happiness.
Peace is a new father Searching for a jobWith courage and vigorWith a smile and rigorBut with a great need for money.
Peace is bald eagle Flying and flying over the treesIn search for a spotUnder the blue sky To build her nest to care.
You find peace not by creating but by giving.
You find peace not by looking but by giving.
Peace is the only destination worth searching for.
Peace is the only destination worth beginning a journey for.
If all of us make peace as a purpose of our life, how could there be war?
Peace is not a place or destination but a perception.Peace is not in wealth or splendorBut in conviction.Peace is in friendship, love and unity.Peace is in care, tranquility and serenity. Peace is in compliment, appreciation and forgiveness. Peace is the source of smile, joy and happiness.
Inner peace begins when nothing can disturb the calmness of your mind.
Find the joy and peace in and around you. It is a choice not a condition or destination.
May you live in peace today and forever.
Let us all practice the power of love to win the peace.
The more you will able to trust yourself, the more joy and peace you will able to experience.
We always glorify war, but why? We have war memorials everywhere but I never saw a peace memorial yet. We teach our children war game. We let them play game which is not other than a legal war but we expect peace from them. How foolish that could be!
Get addicted to peace, talk about it all day and may be all night. Drink it, live it and love it. It will change the world.
I have a dream that one day this world will be very peaceful and people will fight, not with their weapons, but with their love.
Make peace your purpose of life.
Make peace your purpose in the garden of life.
Love others, not because they deserve your love, but because you want to win their heart to create enduring peace.
Peace is a blue skyWith gentle and kind breezeFilled with love and joyWhich we can dwell and share.
To change the world, see the world through your heart, world will change along with your perception.
How you accept a situation, is your choice and depends on your power of perception.
Richness is not in wealth or earning capability, but it is in your perception.
Universe is nothing but the reflection of your thoughts and perceptions.
Events are transient, feelings are momentary, perception is optional and internalization is life long.
To change yourself, change the perception and mindset.
In the universe, nothing is either beautiful or ugly, but our perception and thinking makes it so.
Our speech is poor interpretation of our perception.
You can't control anything in this world except your perception and emotion.
Sadness is not out there. It's inside you. Sadness is often a misperception and false interpretation of a situation.
There is no good day or a bad day, but our perception makes it so.
To create new reality, change the perception but not the reality.
To change the reality, change the perception but not the reality.
Illusion is a false perception but delusion is a fixed false belief.
You never can change the reality without changing the perception.
To see a thing as it is, we have to give up our preconceived perception about it.
Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
Nothing is there when you're not here.So love yourself and take great care.
To change reality, change your thoughts and perceptions.
Love harmony and peace everywhere.It is our hope for our great future.
I bring peace in the world,When I am an example of peace.When I love without condition.When I am the symbol of justice.When I can see people without prejudice.When I plant trees with great love.When I love the nature and take care.When I see no difference between you and me.When I am the symbol of compassion, care, and love.
We might have a different height and different color.But we all have parents, so we are brother and sister.We all have a different goal and a different vision.We all like to live in peace and that is our mission.We like to share our love and the world with each other.We like to live in harmony, trust, and peace forever.
If you have a drop of violence or anger in your mind, it can ignite a candle and be the source of violence, so be kind.
There is no passion or mission. There is no wisdom or vision.There is only you.
It's better to live in hell with the wise than in heaven with the wicked.
Don't talk, just listen, and feel with all your heart.
Your hardest time will be the most memorable time of your life if you can endure it.
Be the master of your own thoughts to control your future.
Extend your hand to help others and be an example.
Don't try to control yourself, just learn to monitor your thoughts.
I feed my mind by reading everyday as I feed myself by eating every day.
Let us not talk about problems. Let us think and talk about solutions.
Accept losing but never give up the hope of winning
You can change the world at this moment for better by changing your thoughts and by spreading your love for the world and humanity as a whole.
The morning sun will bring you a fresh new day with a fresh new world of possibilities.
I don't want to go to heaven. I want to transform the earth to be heaven.
You have to lose everything to find the real thing.
Find out how much time you have then get busy using it.
A problem is an opportunity to find a new way.
A moment of sadness is the best time for deepest reflection.
Reality is perceptual misinterpretation. To change reality, change your perception.
In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die.
Defeat is a transient perception but giving up is permanent. So never give up.
To accomplish your mission, follow your passion.
No is a false perception. Yes is a positive conception.Go with reality and reason.
It's our responsibility to be the best that we can.
There is only one risk and that is not taking one.
Imagine, then think, then desire, then dream, then act to achieve and it will be yours.
In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die, don't see the darkness, wait for the morning sun.
A pessimist sees the darkness around the light, but an optimist looks for the light in the darkness.
There is no right or wrong.There is no weak or strong.There is only you.
There is no poetry or song. There is no short or long.There is only you.
There is no beast or beauty.There is no task or duty.There is only you.
A simple thought can transform you forever. So cultivate beautiful thoughts, ugliness never.
Beauty is not the reflection of your image, but the reflection of the seer's inner vision.
Fail big. Fail better.Try again. Without looking for a shelter.
Making mistakes is important because it makes you wiser.
By creating problems for others you will never able solve your own problem. When you will try to solve your enemy's problem, your problem will disappear.
Beautiful thoughts in your mind created your life and made you kind.
A problem is an opportunity to see your life through another window.
Let's forget the past and keep in mind the future, but enjoy the present moment.
Your future will be determined not by your education or bank account, but by your optimism and attitude.
This world becomes heaven when we learn to see the beauty in and around us and enjoy them every moment.
When you enjoy the little beauties in and around you, it costs you nothing.
Most of our life we pass by waiting for tomorrow, but not living for today.
Every day is a gift. Every thought is a lift. Every hour is a prize. Use it and be wise.
Learn to see the beauty in and around you. Learn to observe the beauty inside the mind.
Enjoy every moment. Today will never come back.
Create memories every day. Enjoy every moment every way.
Create memories every day. You will grow a diamond on the way.
Anger and resentment are problems for our understanding and vision. They happen when we are away from our real purpose and mission.
Make every day a positive day. Make it joyful and beautiful in every way.
Think your best thoughts every moment, every day. You will be the best person on the way.
Celebrate every moment, every day. Celebrate every beauty, all the way.
Complaining or picketing will not solve a problem but understanding will.
You are the creator of your thoughts, thoughts create your actions, and actions create you.
You cannot go back and start a brand new beginning, but today is a new day and you can start a brand new thing.
What you think of about a nation or a situation is your self-expression and mind's reflection.
In life, never talk about problems. Talk about solutions.
Life is full of joy and beauty. Look around and notice it. Notice the little butterfly, a little baby with a smile, and the white rose in the garden. Notice a drop of dew on a green leaf in the morning sun. Touch the wind, smell the rain, and feel the joy. Live your life with beauty and joy.
A flower is symbol of beauty for eyes, but music is the expression of beauty for ears.
Every moment you lose your temper, you lose a moment of opportunity to love.
I love you, that is important to me. You love me or not its your matter. Remember I can control only myself, not you at all.
I want to love like a rain drop loves the earth.
The first duty of a man is to love himself. When someone loves himself, he is loving the universe. This universe is existing because of you.
I love you because I find myself in you.
The object of art is to enhance the beauty, imaginations and joy of life.
Music is the fertilizer for heart to bloom the flower of love and peace.
Art is an expression of love, which you can see on the canvas.
Music is the language of the soul, the voice of the heart, and a message from the eternity.
Today I will exercise to build the power of my love.
Music is the language of the heart, the language of the soul, the language of nature and the language of the universe.
Art is a passion with great vision and cultural expression.
Art is an imagination, projection, and reflection of the mind in a particular form that society can internalize and enjoy.
Wonder at everything and ask, why?Love everything and wonder, why?
In the darkness, be the light.
Do one thing every day to show that you love the universe.
Silence is the music of the heart.
Music expresses those thoughts and words, which have no form but have longing for love.
It is painful those feelings of pain,but accept it with love to see the gain.
Always keep hope aliveAlways dream with trust.
When question arise Dream or not to dream Always dream.
Life is difficult, easy, and wonderful. As you think, it is as such.
I am loving and joyful because I think I am.
Make enthusiasm a way of life. Make optimism a way of success. Make gratitude a way of happiness.
Take care of your mind. Never let negative thoughts infect your mind.
In the darkness of night when universe sleepsYou come and play with my stringsNo one can see or feel it but I doYou are my love.
Art is a creative re-creation of an imaginative or real observation.
Romance is the fragrance of pure love.
O my love! In this loveless world, you are my world.
O thy! Thou made me infinite with infinite love.Not by finishing, but by transforming to infinite for infinite joy!
In a very romantic moment,I want only love, not a comment.
Imagine, dream, act, discover and wonder. Everyday is a new day to love and wonder.
Stop feeling powerless and small when you are adorned with power of love.
You're born with the power of love, why you are looking for power of destruction?
If someone ridicules you, say to him, I love you.
You will see romance everywhere when your heart is dancing with love and joy.
Question is not whom I am going to love, but question is whom I am going not to love.
We should bloom like a flower without reservation or restriction, but with all our energy, power, and great love for this world.
Some people say falling in love is the beginning of life, but some people says it is the end of theirs.
My life is joyful and bright because of your loveLike the moon who borrows light from the sunBut I like those stars, they are moon's friend They never leave moon when they're done.My life is bright because of your loveLike the flower borrowing from the sunYou're the seer and I am the scenery Bring joy to universe, remains your fun.
I love the serenity as a tree loves its calmness.
In this loveless world, you're my endless love.
Love! In this world of sadness, you are my happiness.
Love! In this world of sorrow, you're my source of joy.
Love! In this world of pain, you're my vintage wine.
Love! In the midst of ugliness, you're my beauty.
Love! In the midst of deception, you are my trust.
Love! In the midst of darkness, you're my guiding light.
When you love and it hurt, love more and love without expectation.
Be yourself, love yourself,be somebody then give yourself.
Love or not to loveWhen question ariseLove or not to loveAlways love.
When question arise Be or not to beAlways be.
When question ariseBelieve or not to believeAlways believe.
When question ariseHelp or not to helpAlways help.
When question ariseHope or not to hopeAlways hope.
Touch my heart, feel my love, don't look at me.
When someone loves you, you are living in the most beautiful place in the earth, in the beauty of his or her mind. So enjoy it, even if it lasts for a moment.
When you love yourself, feel the joy of your soul and see the dance of your spirit, you are really living your life.
Love everyone you meet, everyone will love you.
When you have wings of love to fly,why do you sit in a prison and cry?
Nobody can love you if you don't love yourself.
Love is heavenly.Expression of love gives us the sweetest joy and deepest fulfillment.
Love, kindness, compassion and forgiveness are divine.
Love for each other is always there.Open your heart, feel it, it will get better.
When you will use the power of love to win the hearts and mind, you will be happy.
Let us create the tsunami of love to flatten the world with joy.
My heart want to feel the touch.Feel the eternal love so much.
It is better to be nonjudgmental. Pure love is always unconditional.
Love is a heart's feeling, there is no understanding or judging.
To strengthen the power of love, love those who do not deserve.
Love is the universal language of heart.Feeling are the universal language of love.Smile is the universal language of charm.Attraction is the universal language of life.
I am the creation of love.I am the source of love.I am the beginning of love.I like to vanish in love.
On the way, see the beauty, find the love, and express the kindness.
At the time of departure from this beautiful world, you will able to take only one asset with you, and that is the love you gave away and the love you have received.
The only reason I am living is to express my love for you and for the universe.
Where there is great love, there are always happiness and joy.
If you lose the power to love, you lose the ability to live.
Love is the stimulation for the creation. If there is no love, there is no humanity.
When you give the love, you gain the heart.
Don't feel so small and condemn yourself. You are the universe, so love and compliment yourself.
Love and learn from everyone,but follow your heart,and your inner conviction.
My strength is my power of love, my weakness is my kindness for those who suffers.
Your heart has all the feelings, all the perception, and all the love that the universe ever had.
Life is not worth living if you forget to love.
I am not upset that you don't love me, I am very happy to know that you are still living in my heart, in my love.
To feel the love, open your mind and expand your heart.
Be not afraid to love. Be accepting. Keep open your heart with a kind mind.
Love is like fire, it can burn you, but it also can melt your heart to make you the most beautiful and beloved person.
It takes courage, strength, and conviction to love someone deeply, persistently, and endlessly.
When you are in love, reality becomes illusion and illusion become reality.
Love is an attraction of mutual happiness.
Don't try to touch the love, it may burn, just try feel it with your heart.
Love has power in it; it can melt any heart, if your love is true and divine.
Nothing can cure the mind but the love, nothing can possess the love but the mind.
When you learn to love unconditionally and deeply, you gain the power of love.
To feel the love, feel through your heart, not through your mind, mind is judgmental but heart is kind.
Love can't exist without happiness. Happiness can't be spontaneous without love.
If you love someone he or she will love you back one hundred percent of the time.
You love someone, not because of what they are, but because of how you feel about them.
Love is a magnetic force, you can't see it, but it can pull you toward the beloved.
Without love, life has no meaning.
Loving was so joyful and charming.Forgetting is so tearful and never ending.
We all will live much happier when we will learn to love and serve each other.
When you learn the language of divine love, everything become divine, miraculous and lovely.
Everything I learn to say or do because I love.
When you love someone who hates you, that is the practice of divine love.
When you can love your enemy unconditionally, that is the practice of divine love.
Think of, at the moment of dying, is there will be any enemy for you? None! Everyone will be the best friend. So win all your enemies with your divine love when you are living.
We are very simple human until we learn to use the power of our divine love.
If everyone practices the power of their love, there will be happiness and no war.
If everyone fights with the power of their love, there will be happiness, not the destruction or war.
There will be no enemy if you try to kill him with the power of your love.
Let the spirit dance with joy.
There is no perfect lover or perfect love, only longing for love and be beloved.
The very essence of life is to love and very essence of love is to be beloved.
Love is a divine and universal attraction, which hold the universe together and fills it with beauty, life, and happiness forever.
Love is a longing to belong, to be beloved.
Does life has any value without love?
Love everyone, love everything, love every moment, and become the love.
If everyone empowers themselves with power of their love, there will be only happiness and no war.
We need to empower the world with the power of love.
There will be no enemy if we overpower them with love.
Your love is blissful, graceful, and divine. When it touches me, it burns me with joy to purify.
Love is the only reality, everything else is secondary.
It is better to lose and gain the love, than win and lose the love.
Let the blossoms of love beautify your heart.
When you seek love in every steps of life, love will seek you every moment of life.
Love with your heart not with your mind, mind is judgmental but heart is kind.
Love has only feelings, don't seek meanings.
When you love, you change the world.You bring tranquility, harmony, and joy.You attract beauty of angel inside you.Your heart sings the song of love.
When you love, lover is loving you.
Great things only happen when we love the thing we are doing.
Love could be passionate, compassionate, and kind. Love could be physical, spiritual, or eternal.
Love is an attraction but not a reaction.
Love has only feelings, but no meanings.
I have no time to judge anyone because I am so busy to love everyone.
My love is for you life after life, for infinite time, my love is for you, forever.
A true lover never fails, a failure never can love.
I am the seeker of love, I am the giver of love, and I became the love.
To love yourself, love others.
Unconditional love is most beautiful in any culture, in any society.
Love costs nothing except a moment of beautiful thought.
At the time of my deepest love I realized that I am the Universe.
It is easy to love but difficult to forget, so love every moment to create an enormous unforgettable memory.
When you feel that you are loved, you feel the happiness.
When you feel weak, energize yourself with the power of love, love everyone and everything, this world will be yours.
Love with your heart, not with your mind, mind is judgmental, but heart is not.
Love and attraction is the magnetic language of the heart.
Love selflessly, give generously;everything and everyone will be yours.
When we do things with love, we gain the knowledge and wisdom and do it better.
True love comes from the heart, it is very simple and nonjudgmental.
Let there be love. There will be light to show you the path of life.
Let the blossoms of love beautify your heart.Let the spirit dance with joy.
To nourish your soul, see the beauty of nature and feel the love.
Each moment of love is eternal.Each moment of life is essential.
I am lost in the midst of love and joy.Who will show me the path to happiness?
When someone uses the power of their love, they feel strong, courageous, and enthusiastic.
When you love yourself, you love everyone.
Love is not an imagination but a radiating light from the heart.
Love has the power to hold the whole universe together.
When I am thinking of love or express love, I am happy, when I am happy, I have more power to love.
Our heart is made by the love, for the love, and with the love.
We are the creation of love for the love.
When you are loving someone, that someone is loving you, too. That is the universal law. No exception.
Love is waiting for you, lifting her hand, open your heart and accept it.
What you give with love stays with you for a lifetime.
The more you love, the more you give, the more you get.
My love is for you lives after life, for infinite time even though I will never get you, but my love for you is forever.
Judge no one but love every one.
In life, you achieve nirvana when you learn to love unconditionally.
Love costs nothing except your state of being.
Let me love and feel the charm and joy of life.
Never lose a chance to love someone and express kindness to someone.
If you want to change someone's life, just love him and be kind to him.
Love and kindness have no boundaries or borders.
You are the candle, love is the light, enlighten the mind, and heart with your empowering light.
With love, nothing is impossible.
Wherever you go, warm that place and people with love and kindness.
There is no wall strong enough that love and kindness can't reach through.
Whenever you see the fear and sadness,be there the source of love and kindness.
I have no right to judge anyone, but I have the right to love everyone.
The difference between the power of love and the power of atomic bomb is that atomic bomb has a limit.
Love is the most powerful force on this world. You can't touch it but feel it. You can bind together the whole world with it, you can win the war with it. It is faster than light, sharper than laser knife. It is softer than puffer candy but can melt your heart.
You are my love, you are my light, you are my blue sky, when I am vanishing in you only then I can fly.
Love every one as you love your little daughter and son, because everybody is somebody's daughter and son.
I love you not because you are perfect, but because I find you inside myself.
Love is like a chill, it touches your heart, fills your mind, and makes you kind.
Nonjudgmental love never hurt you.Judgmental love always does.
A very beautiful day without love, kindness, and gratitude is a very wasted day.
Love is the most potent instrument of action than anything known to humanity.
We need to win by the power of love, not by the destruction of war.
If you truly love someone, he or she will never able to hurt you.
Fall in love again and again.In life, love is the currency, spend it as much you can for an enormous gain.
Let me love and feel the joy of life.
Nothing is impossible, nothing is risky, when you take the action with love, something better will happen.
When I listen and enjoy the deepest silence I hear the sound of universal love and lose myself completely.
Nothing is so powerful as love and simple kindness.
Live like the universe is your beloved home, love like everyone is your closest friend.
Be loving and kind to everyone and every one will be loving and kind to you.
Love like every creation is your own reflections.
Love is waiting for you lifting to hand, open your heart, and accept it.
Forget everything but love.
True love is very silent, very personal, very non-demanding, and nonjudgmental.
Emerge yourself with love and live in the open.To not feel shy, forget about hell or heaven.
True love is when you love someone without hesitation, without expectations, and without judgment.
It takes a minute to love but eternity to forget.
Wherever you go, whenever you meet someone, enlighten every mind, brighten their life with love and kindness, it will make your world so delightful and so beautiful.
Love and compassion are the creating and sustaining elements of humanity, without them humanity will be inhumane.
Whenever you can call your enemy and tell him that you truly love him with compassion, then you are practicing the power of true love.
Take love and kindness with you, wherever you go.
Everyone is longing for love, everyone is suffering from the needs and wants, so be loving, kind, and compassionate to everyone.
Wherever you are, whoever you are, I am touching you and feeling you, not with my hand, but with my feelings and love.
If you love someone, unknowingly, you become beloved.
Anyone can love a loving person but give your love to someone who doesn't deserve it
I am hear to say I love you.I am hear to say I feel you.I am hear to say I care for you.I am hear to say, I really do.
We like to forget and underestimate the power of love and kindness, more often than not, it can change a life and a society.
Open your heartlike a beautiful flower,one petal at a time,love, compassion and kindness,to spread the beautyall around you and feel the joy.
When there is nonjudgmental love then there is no giving up.
We get what we give away with love.
When you became the love, everyone around you becomes your lover.
When we learn to love unconditionally we will find endless happiness and infinite peace.
You can win this world when you empower yourself with the power of love.
If you have love, it doesn't matter what you don't have.
Every thought I have, everything I dois an expression of love to uplift you.
Dear heart, love everyone and anyone. Please make me nonjudgmental.
People can hate you or curse you, but if you love, then nothing can touch you.
Reason is powerless when we express love with empathy and kindness.
Love everything around you as if everything is yours.
I don't care what you have done in the past or will do in the future, I will still love you forever.
To be happy, pursue your purpose with love and honesty.
Wherever you love everything around you, forgive the past, show the gratitude, feel the joy of life, because you are a miracle still alive.
So much to love, so much to do.So much to care just for you.
Whenever you find someone full of hate, purify him with forgiveness, bliss and love.
Life is miraculous and love is the miracle.
It is never too late to love.
Come, come everyone, come with love, come with joy, come to my heart, there is always spring, roses always smiling, soul is always singing with joy in the light of love. I am waiting, are you coming. My heart is always ready to dance, always ready to love, always ready with a song.
Be loving, be caring
If you are looking for love, you may not find it, but if you love every one for sure, they will return it.
The act of giving with love opens the door of abundance.
The mystery of death is a certainty, but mystery of love is everlasting.
What we have deeply loved we can never lose, it remains in our heart for ever.
When someone received immortal love, their life becomes eternal.
I can resist everything but love.
When you are seeking love, from the distance, in silence, love is attracting you.
Intelligence is not always the source of knowledge but love is.
Follow the feelings of your heart, you will find the love.
I pray for the ability to love you without expecting any return.
When you see the fire of hate, spread the tranquility of your ocean of love.
Love unconditionally, love endlessly, love blissfully.
One of the happiest moments of life is when you learn to love without expecting any return.
Giving back with love is our duty.
When you love someone, be sure that you will be loved in return.
You will be loved as much as you expect.
Love is the only asset, when you give it away you feel happy and when you receive it back you feel happy.
You are my eternal love and I am your eternal beloved. That is the truth I came to believe.
Love and attraction is the magmatic language of the heart.
We love certain things because they are longing for us.
Why can't people just love each other and be happy?
In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love. In my dream a burning desireLike the lights from a diamondMake my life ever precious That is my love. my mind an ever longingAs the moon longing for nightMake the night dreams of desireThat is my love.
Oh! let me love forever. Let me die in love. Life is valueless dust if love touched you never.
Let my heart feel the joy,see the beauty, all around me.Still it may be in pure agony.
If you love someone ever,you can't forget her never. If you love someone ever,you can't hurt her never.If you truly love someone ever,she can't leave you never. She resides in your heart forever.You can't erase her from heart never.
Love is a longing for giving and receiving.
Oh thee! Lets fill my mind with joy of kindness to make joyful me.Let me see the sufferings and agony.Let me feel the sadness and misery.Still be kind to thee.
Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Oh! let me love for ever. Let me die in love. Life is valueless dust if love touched you never.  Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river. Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Oh thee! Lets ignite the fire of love
In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love.
In my dream a burning desireLike the lights from a diamondMake my life ever precious That is my love.
My mind an ever longingAs the moon longing for nightMake the night dreams of desireThat is my love.
Living is more often than not, existing. I want to be alive, with love, joy, and be exciting.
Oh thee! Lets ignite the fire of love in my heart to purify me. Let my heart feel the joy,see the beauty, all around me.Still it may be in pure agony.
If love is an attraction, then love may be the first.If life is the source of all creation, then love might be the point of action. Let life and love live togetherLet's love win over life forever.
Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river.
I don't care if you love me or not, but I care that I love you without any thought.
I am yours but you are free of mine.My love is yours but I don't want any return
Love is the music of the heart, which you can feel but can't hear.
So much love to carry and share, but so little heart.
This universe was created for the love, by the love, and with love.
Let life and love live together.Lets love win over life forever.
Love yourself and others without expecting any return.
At the end, nothing will matter except the love that you gave away.
I never fall in love because love is always inside me.
When one heart feels the other and in harmony, love is there.
I am the love.I am drowning in your love.I am drunk with your love.I am a dumb for your love.I am crazy about your love. I dream at night about love.I know that you're my love, but I forgot how to lovebecause I become the love.
Only love can fill an empty heart with kindness.
Life is not a problem but an endless possibility.
We came to this world with two wealths, love and hope, but, in the end, love is our only wealth.
Love and take care of yourself because you are your best friend, and you have to live with yourself rest of the life.
Love the person, not his position.
What is first?Love or life?Life or love?Intention or emotions?Emotions or intentions?
Love is not a mere sentiment but an instrument of ability.
What values do achievement, degrees, and diplomas have if you don't have wisdom and love?
You are the light of love in darkness. I am longing for you, oh my love!
Love is the creative force of this universe.
Love yourself and feel the joy of life.
We are the flower of love in the garden we call earth.
Every human being begins and ends the same way, but how much they love the humanity distinguish him from others.
Make your love to change everyone you meet but don't let anyone change your love for a bit.
Look for the love, you will find the beauty.
Love those thoughts,those thoughts of love,those delights for heart,tickler of life, twinkles in eyes.
When you see things through your heart, there is no right or wrong, true or false, only there is love to share.
Those whose heart is full with love find the love everywhere.
If you love everyone, you will not need to fight with enemy.
When you are searching for love, love is standing just outside the door. Just open the door and welcome the love.
Oh my love! You are the light of love in the darkness. I am longing for you, you are my flower and freshness.
The distance between you and everyone is love.
Be the source of love and spread the light of love like the morning sun.
Spread the light of love like the morning sun.
When you see everything with love,everything looks at you with love.
To understand, you have to love, but to gain wisdom you have to understand with love.
Always wear a jacket of love and a smile of gratitude.
Life is not a problem but an endless possibility.Love is not a mere sentiment but an instrument of ability.
Love is the only language that everyone understands without any word or interpretation.
Oh, let me love with all my power all the way.Let me love like stars love the moon rest of my day.
Love yourself because, when you love yourself, you're loving the source of being.
Never judge anyone but to love and understand everyone.
Love is the innermost energy, innermost fire which wants to come out always and spread all over.
I wish for a life with love and never ending dream.
Love never could be overdone or go out of style.
A day without love is like a day without life.
Mind is judgmental but heart is not so love with heart, not with mind.
All the life will not have any value if you never felt beloved.
Love is the ultimate Wonder lamp, anything you touch with love become gold.
Get busy to love everyone, you will not have time or opportunity to fight with anyone.
Love is a bright blue sky.You can live under it, but love couldn't hide.
Those who love, never complain, but those who don't love, always complain.
If someone hurts you, to take the revenge, love him.
If you love everyone, how could you find an enemy?
If anyone hurts you, love him; it is the greatest revenge.
Love is looking for you when you are looking for love.
Feel the delights of love with the heart, not with the mind.
When I forget how to love I look at my dog.
When nobody loves you, love yourself.
Give away all your love and become the love, and love never dies.
It's not wise to seek the revenge and forget to love.
It is better to be unhappy with rejection of love than never love.
True love is the most rare thing in the world. Most people just pretend to love.
The ability to love is the divine power of human.
Love for the humanity is the basis for morality.
You will not be poor for giving away love. But you will be a poor soul if you don't give away love.
Everything you do, do with love.
By spending love, you increase the value of your life.
Anything you do, do with love and enthusiasm.
You know you are in pure love when you see only the beauty inside you and all around you.
This world is as loving as much as you love this world.
Everyone wants to be happy.So love everyone like a happy puppy.
The weak can never fall in love because love is an adventure.
It takes courage to love someone because it's a wonderful adventure.
Your task is not to find the love, but to swim and dive in the love.
Either let me love more or let me go.
Why do we walk when we can fly by spreading the wings of our love?
Love as if you are born to love.
I love you as river love the ocean.I love you as the rain love the earth.
I love you as river loves the ocean.
I love you as the rain loves the earth.
Love as if you are living just to love.
Love as if you are living just to love. Live as if your life depends on love.
Love is the language of the heart,which everyone understands.
When I love, I feel endorphins rushing through, that is my joy.
Love is an attraction. It draws one person to another even though they are a thousand miles apart.
Love is a drug for me and I am addicted to it.
When you love someone, it's the most real thing in the universe.
I was loving you, I am loving you and I will love you for the eternity. Love is eternal.
There is only one truth, and that is love, all others are a byproduct.
I would rather love you and live a miserable life than live a wonderful life without your love.
You only know there is love and you feel beloved when you share,when you're gasping for air.You only know you are living and every moment you were longing for air.
Spirit is love inside the love.
Without love, life is so boring.
Be loving to find the love.
Love is pure; love is eternal. Love is perfectly divine.You're my love; you're my joy.You're my valentine.Life is a present; life is a miracle. Life is a song divinewhen you touch my heart, hold my soul.Oh my pure valentine. Life is joyful; life is wonderful.Life is love's shrine.When you're my moon, I am your star. Oh my eternal valentine.
I am addicted to love.Love is my beloved drug.
Nothing impossible if you do it with love.
In the end, nothing matters except love you gave away and love you have received.
When you fill others lives with love and happiness,your life will be full with pleasant surprises.
Love is the universe. Love is ageless, boundless, bodiless, boundary-less.Love is pure, perfect, precise, and precious.
Love is the universe.
Love is ageless, boundless, bodiless, boundary-less.
That's the thing about love, it secretly attracts and demands your attention.
Love everyone like a flower loves the world.
Life is loves shrine.
Love does make everything beautiful.
When you remove all of the barriers and open the window of your heart, love will eagerly enter through it with all its beauty.
When you are looking for love, then love is spreading its net to catch you.
The very essence of love is love itself without any other expectation.
Love does make everything beautiful.Smile adds the charm to make it wonderful.
Life is a present; life is a miracle. Life is a song divine.When you touch my heart, hold my soul.Oh my pure valentine.
Life is joyful; life is wonderful.Life is love's shrine.When you're my moon, I am your star. Oh my eternal valentine.
Life is loves shrinewhen you're my valentine.
Love is a gift forever.You can't take it back, never.
Jump in the ocean of loveto die and to save at the same time.
Without love, life is a barren field.
Love yourself as much you can before loving others. If you don't have something, you can't give it to anyone.
Love as if it is eternal. Love when you are alive and when you are not alive.
I believe in the power of love, not because I can see it, but because I see the world through it.
That's the thing about love, you have to get lost to find someone you can trust.
Love is pure, perfect, precise, and precious.
Let us trust the power of love.
Let us trust the power of love,and fly by spreading the wings of love.
Let's love everyone without judging them, then we will find the heaven in earth.
When someone loves you, you can feel it from a far distance.
Love has no distance or barrier, it's instantaneous.
Without love, life is unsustainable.
You born to be happy, so love everyone like a happy puppy.
Let me fly with the wings of love or let me drown and die in the love.
It's never too late to love and live again.
It's never too late to love and live again. Without love in life, nothing to lose or gain.
Love as if life is forever. Life without love has nothing to share.
I am not satisfied with the love that I am giving away because I am always hungry to give away more.
Love is more powerful than prettiness or wittiness.
When you are seeking love, love is seeking you.
Love has no monetary value, but it enhances the value of life.
Love is the best wisdom.
It is easy to hate and blame, but it is divine to love and care.
You will never feel alone if you love the person you are living with.
I love you, not because you are perfect, but because I created a place for you in my heart.
Dream a daybright with kindnessand a deep compassionate ray.
Love is the best wisdom.Kindness is the best philosophy.
Live every day,not by spending time,but by investing all the way.
Kindness is the best philosophy.
Value a day only by the love that you gave away.
Value a day only by the love that you gave away. Live every day,not by spending time,but by investing all the way. Dream a daybright with kindnessand a deep compassionate ray. See a day,not with the open eyes,but with the open mind from far away.
Love is a donation. Donation is an appreciation.
Only by spending and investing love you can get it back. You are adorned with unlimited love, so spend it as much as you can, as fast as you can.
Something good about love: if you fall in it, you will not feel any pain.
When you have nothing but love, then you're the richest person of the world.
Those who love you, you are living in their love. Those who hate you, them, you have to love.
See a day,not with the open eyes,but with the open mind from far away.
Love is the language of the heart. It can feel the movements of every atom and understand every language spoken or unspoken.
Without any reason or expectation, love someone today and feel the joy of life.
Love shows you the purpose but commitment gives you the courage.
In this vast universe when I was getting lost, you made me infinite with infinite love.
Every moment, every second, every hour and every day, be in love by becoming love. There is nothing else.
A day without love and gratitude is a day without significance and wasted.
Without love, life will be a great mistake.
No one can fall in your love without your acceptance.
Love yourself first to love everyone else.
I'm planting my love in the garden of my hope.
What you give, you will get it back.So give love, just to not feel the lack.
Those moments you spend for love are the extraordinary moments of life.
Whatever you do, foolish or wise, important or unimportant, do with love and enthusiasm.
If you're loving and kind then you have no need to seek love because love will seek you.
You're here to love and appreciate.
I am optimistic because I will use power of love to find the miracles of life.
Without love, life is worthless.
Love everyone but love yourself the most.
To find the joy, ignite the light of love.
If you love everyone without judging them, then you will never be able to find an enemy.
Love as if you were born to just love and have nothing else to do in this universe.
Whatever you do, do with love to be the success and to find the joy.
I am the river of love, I am the flow of life.
Love continues to enhance and enrich my life.
Love is the greatest treasure of humanity.
The greatest joy you can get is from giving, and the best thing that you can give is your love.
Love that is within you is also flowing through the hearts of your neighbors and friends.
I came to this world just to give love,just to fill the world with silent song of love,just to feel and share the power of love,just to sing the song of dedication to love.
Never love someone with expecting return. Love is love's reward.
Think about love, work with love, give away and live with love.
To live drown in love.To live like the dead, fear the love.
Love shouldn't have a reason but love is the reason.
If you learn to use the power of love then you're the most powerful person.
O the divine, O my love, I don't want to seduce you with my wealth or splendor, but with my love and deepest gratitude.
I know you lost your way, but remember love is the only freeway of life.
It is better to love someone who does not deserve your love than love no one.
You fulfill your hearts universal desire for love not by accumulating, but by giving.
When you feel the deepest love for the universe, your spirit dances with joy.
Love is the oxygen for heart.So love as your life depends on it.
Love is always true and eternal.Love can't be untrue or occasional.
To live a worthy life, just love. Love is the essence of life and it makes the life worthwhile.
Be generous when you are giving your love.
Love is the essence of life and it makes the life worthwhile.
Love as the moon loves the night.Love as much as you can.Love as long as you can.Love as long as you live.Live only as long as you can love.
Love is as clear as water from a pitcher.
A person of wisdom never mind.A person of love always kind.
How can there be suffering when there is love?
Love as air loves the leaves.
Love as a river loves the ocean.
Be compassionate, be kind and, above all, be loving.
To live a worthy life, just love.
Love is my only love and my eternal friend.
Love all, trust all, and do good to all; you will not lose.
Just love, just feel the love, longing for love, nothing else matters.
Love anyone and everyone, don't fear for rejection. Love is an inner perception, there is only love, no place for rejection.
Feel the love, be the love, to spread the love.
I am in love, I became an angel; flowers bloom with my touch, birds comes to me and sing love song,air touches my cheeks to feel my love,leaves are dancing around me with the melody of love.Oh love, I am in love, I am the love.
Love as river loves the ocean.Love as air loves the leaves.
Focus your mind on love, peace and harmony.It will vanish fear, doubt and disharmony.
Be vibrant, vital, vivacious, vigorous, and victorious with adventure and love.
Love others, not because they deserve your love, but because the universe deserves peace.
You find love, not by looking, but by giving away.
When you're in love, life is a kiss.When you are in doubt life is amiss.
You can overspend money but you never can over spend love, so spend it without any thought.
It isn't important who is going to hurt me, but its important who is going to love me.
Never trust a man who doesn't radiate love.
Be helpful. When you see the darkness, be the light. When you feel the hatred, be the source of love. In the end love always win.
Your value depends on how much love you gave away, not on how much money you have accumulated.
Why you are searching for love all over the world,when inside you resides an endless ocean of love?
Be a person who radiates the fire of love to burn and purify everything around to create the beauty of joy and peace.
Be a person who radiates the beauty of love to extinguish the fire of hatred.
Be the cyclone of love to extinguish the fire of hatred.
Be a person who radiates love, compassion, kindness, tranquility, serenity, peace and joy to burn and purify everything around you.
My heart is an endless well of love and gratitude.
We are born to be loved, we live to be loved, and we die to be loved; so life is for love.
A human being is a garden of love. Only you have to know how much water is needed to grow them.
Oh love! You are like a light bulb in my life.I am in deep darkness without you.
Love never dies, it become the wealth of the universe when we die.
Love is the magic ink, which transform everyday life into a poetry.
Love is a prison of life where we always like to get in and never want to get out.
Pursue your heart's deep driving desires with joy and love.
I never can love you deep enough or long enough to satisfy me.
One great thing about love, when you are in love, nothing else matters anymore.
Love is the most valuable gift that you can give to anyone from your heart.
Love is a song, written in your heart.
I am not a genius but I approach every situation with love.
Find the perfection in imperfection and be happy.
Whatever you are doing, do with love.
Those who learn to love unconditionally possibly know the power of love and it's beauty.
Judge little but love much.
The moon is a poem in a starry night.
Love is like gravity. You can't see it, touch it, or even feel it, but it surrounds you all the time. If love is not there you may not survive a day or a month.
Love is a song, written in your heart.The moon is a poem in a starry night.
Let us be like the moon with love and beauty.Let us follow the night to love the tranquility and serenity.
To be kind to everyone is a divine beauty.
To care is our endless sense if duty.
To love is the never ending purpose of life.
Destroy all the barrier inside you and accept everyone with love. We are in each other all along. Be nonjudgmental but be loving.
You can hurt some of the people some of the time, you never can hurt all the people all the time but you can love all the people most of the time.
I want to die.I want die by drowning in love.I want to die by becoming drunk, by drinking the pure wine of love.I want to die in an accident, By falling in love andbreaking my heart. I want to die by losing in the game of love.
It is very easy to fall in the ocean of love and feel great,but it's difficult to get out of the river of love and forget.
Love and kindness are in the root of all creations.
I am loving.I am caring.I am inspiring.I am daring.I am always kind.I have peace of mind.I am worthy of trust.I am true and just.I am compassionate. I am passionate.I am a seeker.I am a giver.I am very simple.I am an example.
To love is the never ending purpose of life. To care is our endless sense if duty.To be kind to everyone is a divine beauty.
Destroy all the barriers inside you and accept everyone with love. We are in each other all along. Be nonjudgmental but be loving. Find the perfection in imperfection and be happy.
Open all windows and let love come in.
When you are doing something you love, you see the lover dancing in your heart.
You are in love when you feel and see. Mind is dancing on a flower like a bee.
Smile because it's infectious.Love because it's contagious.
Why do you want to fall in love when love is inside you?
Love to live and live to love.
Fill your heart with love and brighten your days with color and joy.
It better to win by the power of love than by the power of might.
Poetry is an act of love.
If you can't love yourself the world will only hate you.
There are two kinds of love. One kind you live with, the other you write poetry about.
Love as a flower loves the morning sun.Love with kindness, expect no return.
The world belongs to those who know how to love but not how to judge.
The only true wisdom is in knowing that, with love, you can win the world.
Let me eat the love and digest it.Let me love the flower and beautify it.
Love an enemy with unconditional trust.Reveal his treasure to him without any thrust.
I am drunk with love and afraid of nothing.I am melting like happiness, enjoying everything.
There are two kinds of people:those who learned to love and those who didn't.
You can fall in love but can't escape love alive.
It is better to win by the power of love than by the power of might.
The only true wisdom is in knowing that with love you can win the world.
Pure love is an unmediated, unmitigated, and unrevealing, but everlasting source of joy for the giver and for the receiver.
O love! Poor love! How did you pierce my heart? How did touch my soul?How did you win my mind?The judgmental ever-complaining mind.
Poetry is an act of love. Without love life is impossible. Without poetry love has no exuberance.
There is a girl.I named her love.She has a father. His name is desire.Her mother has a name,but not always the same. We call her destiny.Love calls her mommy.
Without love life is impossible.
Without poetry, love has no exuberance.
When you truly love someone, you don't want anything except giving everything you have.
To fall in love is easy,but forgetting is required to be crazy.
To fall in love is easy;to forget, wild and crazy.
To get someone's attentionsay three words with compassion.Say "I love you", more than me,like the river loves the sea.
I love you as I love the air that surrounds me, without knowing that my life depends on it.
With my love I will touch you.With my love I will heal you.With my love I will surround you.With my love I will melt you.
In your love, I dive,to find the beauty of life.
It's well known that love has power but I want to find out how much.
Love is what makes you bloom like a flower with a smile, beauty and fragrance.
Measure your day not by the money you earn but by the love you're giving away.
I don't hate you. I love you and adore you because you are so innocent you don't know what you are doing.
One good thing about love, when it touches you, time stands still.
Without love life will be barren field.
Love yourself to be the source of love.
Those who complain never love, those who love, never complain.
The most important duty of a person is to love himself wholeheartedly.
Without love life will be a flower garden without flowers.
When someone hurts you, don't hurt him back but hit him with your unconditional love.
Love is acceptance without judgment.
Prayer is good but unconditional love is better.
You will attract love when you are the source of love.
Love is the only way to go toward happiness.
My love flew over the boundary of time with incredible beauty and notorious rhyme.
We love things because they reflect our imaginative love in their expression.
In your love I dive to find the nectar of life.
To love is as natural as the blue sky.
With the wings of love, flyin the imaginative and joyful blue sky.
Those who are willing to love find love in every flower.
Love as a flower loves the morning sun.Love with kindness, expect no return. Love like the morning sun, expect no return.
Love to see the invisible with trust
Those who don't know how to love others, how can they deserve love for themselves?
I am here just to express my love.I am here just to be kind.I am here just to enhance the beauty.I am here just to care for the humanity.
You may hate me from your heart but I will continue to love you to touch your heart.
Love yourself because everyone is jealous of you.
When we learn to use the power of love then the world will see the peace.
If you're unloved then find out and destroy all the barriers that you have created against love.
The power of good is shown not by triumphantly conquering evil, but by continuing to resist evil while facing certain defeat.
The mind is a powerful thing. It can take you through walls.
History doesn't remember gardens..You forgot the wise administrators, those who kept the peace, those who brought prosperity. You needn't feel embarrassed, though. So did history.
A man who don't know history, he don't know anything.
There is a camaraderie that grows up among those who work with old books and old papers, largely, I suspect, because we understand that we are at odds with the rest of the world: we are travelling backwards, while all those around us are still moving forward.
Giving Back reframes portraits of philanthropy.
After his failed political career, Lincoln often pondered the question of the purpose of the meaning of life. In 1850 [ten years before he was elected President], Lincoln told Herdon [his law partner] "How hard, oh how hard it is to die and leave one's country no better than if one had never lived.
If the stones that we walked on could talk, they would surely tell our story." - Magnetic Reverie
A person may know things by somebody else's experience but a person will always learn things by his own personal experience.
It is OK if you don't fit in, history only remembers the exceptional.
Winner goes with the flow, History Maker against the flow
Read History ToCreate History
History Is The BACKBONEOf FutureLearn and Grow
Was it possible to be homesick for a soul?
From history books you should at best believe just the punctuation. The rest is uncertain, incomplete, distorted, exaggerated or even fabricated.
If you do not have a history, you do not have a future!
Have been most timid of cowards from day of birth," replied Li Han, without shame, "and this is an inauspicious day."- "No it ain't," said Olaf, "it ban Thursday.
Seek to know the history of the sacred souls.
our country is poor but our hearts are rich
Stop making excuses and start making history.
Many think that the mark of a great champion is the nature and margin of their victories and the peaks they scale and reach. That's only part of it. The mark of the greatest of champions is how they react and respond to defeat. That is when they become enshrined in our hearts and minds - as they rise again and into the immortal pages of history.
a great reason why a gloomy history may repeat itself is that we may have neglected what history did. When we neglect what history did, history visits us in the same cloth
The written word is greatest sacred documentation.
Every one's footprint is a landmark in the world history
We travel to ancient times by reading history books.
I am often appalled by those who make history, but inspired by those who do not. -Morgana le Fey/Morgana Cornwall
Some people come and go and are forgotten. But there are other people who share a part in our destinies. They come, they go, but they are never forgotten. They come, they go, but even after they go... they're still here. They never really went anywhere.
The human touch is that little snippet of physical affection that brings a bit of comfort, support, and kindness. It doesn't take much from the one who gives it, but can make a huge difference in the one who receives it.
The "norm" for humanity is love.Brutality is an aberration.We are not sinners by nature.We learn to be bad.We are taught to stray from our good paths.We are made to be crazy by other people who are also crazy and who draw for us a map of the world which is ugly, negative, fearful, and crazy.
We are such small, stupid things. For most of my life I thought of nature as the stupid thing: Blind, animal, destructive. We, the humans, were clean and smart and in control: we had wrestled the rest of the world into submission, battered it down, pinned it to a glass slide and the pages of The Bool of Shhh.
Man lives consciously for himself, but serves as an unconscious instrument for the achievement of historical, universally human goals. 
There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. (...) However bad life may seem (...) While there's life, there is hope.
Mankind is a single body and each nation a part of that body. We must never say "What does it matter to me if some part of the world is ailing?" If there is such an illness, we must concern ourselves with it as though we were having that illness.
If success or failure of this planet and of human beings depended on how I am and what I do... HOW WOULD I BE? WHAT WOULD I DO?
This you may say of man - when theories change and crash, when schools, philosophies, when narrow dark alleys of thought, national, religious, economic, grow and disintegrate, man reaches, stumbles forward, painfully, mistakenly sometimes. Having stepped forward, he may slip back, but only half a step, never the full step back.
Every form is an image. Every image is a name. Every name is an attribute, every attribute a verb. Every verb forms the sentence to be read on Judgement Day, from the very Qur'aanulQariim that is found within the breastplate of all that is 'created' in the form of humankind. Every object be it animated or non-animated is an image!!
The human species' foremost task and unshakable duty is survival.
We must all find the spirit to try and help better humanity! We all have it inside us to contribute something to the cause of humanity!
The voice of the intellect is soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing. Ultimately, after endless rebuffs, it succeeds. This is one of the few points in which one may be optimistic about the future of mankind.
The mark of humanity is how it treats the world and those who share it with us...
In the face of a disaster, do you believe strongly enough in humanity to expend your life to save the lives of others you do not even know?
I think the argument that no whites are free of racism is quite erroneous. But then, on another level, does it really matter if anybody is free of any negative feeling about anything? No matter how much you love somebody, you know, there's some part of him you don't like.
There is only one Human race but many nations with diverse tribes.
Wherever, I am welcome, there is my home.
We can only love one another deeply from the heart, for there is home of sacredness.
Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill his mission.
Peace is always possible.
We need each other.
The greatest grace shall be harmony in human relations.
Peace begins with understanding.
Man is the master of his choices,
Every kind deed is an act of love.
Rise to become human again, my friend. Become the human, that talks humans, acts humans and lives human.
Is there any peace without a prayer?
Either you are racist or you are a human - you cannot be both.
The only classification to be made out of humans should be based on character and nothing but the character.
You may be James the American, or Mary the British, or anything else, but before all that, you are a human.
You must remember, the so-called Jihadis who are in reality, mentally unstable individuals run by Quranic fundamentalists, do not represent the whole Muslim population of the world.
Mankind has two immense problems, they forget to use logic and begin at the root of each trouble.
Humanism is not a pompous philosophy to be talked and debated about by a handful of intellectuals - it is the purest form of moral compass, which defines the civilized heart of thinking humanity.
You may turn every house in your neighborhood into a charity center, you may fill the land with soup-kitchens, but the misery of humans will still continue to exist until the character of humanity changes.
Together you are a species that grows in all aspects of life - separated you are a mere speck of dust in vast ocean of space-time capable of nothing progressive.
A nuclear-weapons-free world is the highest gift of humanity to the next generation.
How quickly someone else's life can enter through the cracks we don't know are there until this foreign thing is inside of us. We are more porous than we know.
There's a vast space between being simply human to being truly humane.
If we hug, we have tender heart towards each other.
They are the humans who are intelligent enough to have insight of every single molecular underpinning of the warmth of love, and yet not let that factual knowledge ruin the romance in a relationship.
If this is called civilization, then I am afraid humanity is no more civilized than the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Sometimes you feel like you are on top of the world, and at other times it feels like the world is on top of you.
You live in a society, that always demands you to have a label to define yourself. Now it's up to you, whether you choose man-made labels like 'religious' and 'atheist', or your innate natural label gifted by Mother Nature, i.e. 'human'.
It will be a great day in this world when nobody wants anything because everyone has given and there is nothing left to take.
There can never be equality, so long the heavens have decided together with the darkness in the heart of men, such idealistic desire will never come to fruition.
We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law.
You want to become a better person?Just give thanks. Give thanks for all of it.
If origin defines race, then the entire human race is African.
You are modern humans of the civilized world. And modern humans rise beyond all laws and superstitions of the society. They help their fellow beings to rise from the ashes of ignorance, illusion and fear.
you're going to love your way out of this.out of the hurt.out of the pain.you're going to love your way out of itand be free.
Humankind has turned the world into a cruel and at times inhospitable place. The thing that makes it all bearable is the potential for loving companionship.
And then one day you realise that if you want to be rich, you'd have to give away almost everything you own.
I use the terms "sky" and "earth" because as a human I cannot imagine those elements not being there. It is a way to give substance to nothingness.
Only the ignorant think they alone are responsible for an outcome
Jealousy is not the remedy.It is the illness.
You may wonder what you can do for humanity. Humanity desperately needs peace. Be an advocate of peace and teach others to think about peace.
Humanity is in her infancy, so start enjoying the journey.
Always do what is right not what is convenient. This will reflect your love and kindness for humanity.
Humanity reveals her inner beauty through the interplay of gratitude, love, and kindness.
Life is a flower in the garden of humanity. It blooms for a short time and then slowly it disappears and becomes a memory on the canvas of infinite time.
Gold authenticity can only be tested under maximum fire. The same holds true with regard to manhood.
Things can turn out differently Apollo. That's the nice thing about being human. We only have one life, but we can choose what kind of story it's going to be.
They took my booksbecause my message was love.They took my penbecause my words were love.Then they took my voicebecause my song was love.Soon they'll take myselfso nothing remains.But they don't know that when I'm gonemy love will stay.
Worry notif you are in darknessand the void sucks you in further.This is not the place we go to die.It's where we are bornand our stories begin.
Let borders become sunlight so we traverse this Earth as one nation and drive the darkness out.
You may be born thousands of years from today, but I really love and care about you. You are my kin and my reflection. Through my writings I want to change humanity for the better so that you can live and enjoy a better life. That is my purpose in life.
Missing you,I missed a part of meI shared with you that's now gone.Missing you, when really, it was the way you made me feeland the things you made us do.Missing you I shouldn't be.But I can't help missing who I was with you.Missing you,I missed and missed so much of the world and wasn't even missed in return.
Love fills the infinite.
Disobedience to rigid laws is a revolutionary act.
Your life has tremendous value to you. It becomes a precious diamond for humanity to enjoy when you donate it for the betterment of others.
Embrace all souls from every nation with love.
There is enough work for every soul, if we use our specific gifts to meet the specific needs of the society.
Humanity is still in her infancy.
Generosity is love.
The greatest life is to share, to sacrifice and to serve.
All you need to get by in this world is the memory of love
Do you know what you get when you try to escape? When you drive for miles in a deserted city or swim for hours in a shoreless sea? You get yourself.
Poetry is seeing everything when there is only one thing. It is looking at a rose but seeing the stars, moons, seas, and trees. It is a truth beyond logic, an experience beyond thought. Poetry is the Earth pausing on its axis in order to manifest itself as a rose.
To understand and be understood is to be at peace
Because in truth, my love, if you have thought of me once then I have thought of you a thousand times. You have captured my heart. It is yours. I am at your mercy now
Every Daydream-hope starts with little incentives !
We work in the best of our abilities.
Understanding of each other is the beginning of peace.
Wonderment shared is doubled.Love shared is infinite.
The sacrifice and service gives full strength.
Love is the only reason that is reason enough
My hours are filled with fantasy and indifference. In day and night dreams, I think of my heaven with you. All the time in between, I carelessly spend in hell without you.
Extremities are flawed. Moderation is ideal, save for one occasion.So damn these eyes that weep too much.This mind that thinks too much. But never this heart that loves too much.
What is the point of a relationship if not to grant two people the very private privilege to uplift one another every day?
Two great things happened to me. One was that I survived. The other was that I met you, because I knew why
I guess that's just how people are. We take for granted that we'll always have the chance to tell someone what they mean to us. We take for granted that nothing is going to happen to them, and so we all walk around not realizing how much we're loved. How much we're valued.
We are all unique, but we are also a part of the common body of humanity. With harmony, love, kindness, and compassion we can live together in joy and happiness.
We often concentrate on the negative side of humanity. However, humanity is growing and maturing everyday and showing signs of a better future.
To help humanity, live with kindness and harmony.
We must not forget the beauty of humanity. At the core of our being, we must love humanity.
Understanding leads to peace.
The hardest thing in the world is to let go of who you once thought you were and to manifest your true self, at the risk of being unloved. This is self-actualization.
Sow the seeds of love, kindness and peace.
Transcendence and transformation of consciousness will create a new reality for humanity-not our economic success.
The key to opening the secret of humanity is to love and understand the beauty of it.
When you are motivated by the kindness and wellbeing of humanity, then nothing can scare or derail you.
Love thy neighbor as much as you love thyself.
Deep love for humanity is a vaccine for depression.
The most amazing people are those who love life and humanity.
We are beautiful souls with beautiful spirits.
Life is like a magical bud hoping to bloom into a beautiful flower that will beautify humanity with her petals of love.
Those who donated their life for humanity lived a perfect life.
Babies are the buds of life ready to bloom like a fresh flower to refresh humanity.
When humanity suffers from the darkness of violence, I will bring the empathetic, soft, kind, light from the moon to enlighten humanity.
In the garden of humanity there are tigers and lion, deer and doves. Deer and doves live carefully but with beauty and joy.
In the morning when thou risest unwillingly, let this thought be present - I am rising to the work of a human being. Why then am I dissatisfied if I am going to do the things for which I exist and for which I was brought into the world?
When given an opportunity, deliver excellence and never quit.
work at our responsibility as parents as if everything in life counted on it, because in fact everything in life does count on it.
Work diligently. Work hard. Focus. Perform as if you are at the Olympics. One day, unexpectedly, it will start paying off.
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.
..The stuff you learn beforehand will never be one-tenth as useful as the stuff you learn the hard way, on the job.
There's a common misconception that work is necessary. You will meet people working at miserable jobs. They tell you they are making a living. No, they're not. They're dying, frittering away their fast-extinguishing lives doing things which are, at best, meaningless and, at worst, harmful.
I worked for a menial's hire,Only to learn, dismayed,That any wage I had asked of Life,Life would have willingly paid.
The more completely you can be yourself, the more fully and consciously you participate in the world.
Early to bed and early to rise may make a person 'healthy' but it may not make him 'wealthy' and 'wise'! If anyone really wants to be wealthy and wise, he must read books and work intelligently!
Whatever you want, you must have the desire to work for it.
If you have to do the work, do it well, with all your heart.
I can't even believe the world we live in. My parents raised me to work hard, not to ever expect any handouts in life - and to treat people with respect.
When you totally commit yourself to a project and do your work quietly and well, unknown friends will find you and angels will surround you.
Writing is a worthwhile work.
A spider conducts operations that resemble those of a weaver, and a bee puts to shame many an architect in the construction of her cells. But what distinguishes the worst architect from the best of bees is this, that the architect raises his structure in imagination before he erects it in reality.
Let others slap each others on the back while you're back in the lab or the gym or pounding the pavement.
Nobody will achieve anything just by dreaming.
I used to think that your calling was about doing something good in this world. Now I understand it's about becoming someone good-and letting that goodness impact the world around you.
I don't ask for the meaning of the song of a bird or the rising of the sun on a misty morning. There they are, and they are beautiful.
Who would deduce the dragonfly from the larva, the iris from the bud, the lawyer from the infant? ...We are all shape-shifters and magical reinventors. Life is really a plural noun, a caravan of selves.
Earth is sad, Moon is shy, Sun is happy but wait a moment, I just forgot to tell you that I am the child of open sky.
Nobody can stop natural disaster, we are the cause and we are the remedy.
She shows us only surfaces but Nature is a million fathoms deep.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
They are dragged to the withered bracken by the load, And they seem not to break; though once they are bowed So low for long, they never right themselves.
No," said a voice, "the only thing wrong on a night like that is that there is a world and you must come back to it.
When the world has changed and the rivers run dry ad the forests grow brown will we realize that we don't run the world. We must understand that Nature is what helped us into this beautiful planet, so we must help her in return.
I am not the lonely human, plunked down on earth to aimlessly wander. I am a part of that earth and not going anywhere- just like the spider up in the corner, the dust on the sill, and the cat I buried in the backyard. -Jamaica Ritcher.
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe. -John Muir, naturalist, explorer, and writer (1838-1914)
The moon was barely visible behind the pillows of clouds. Overhead, the lights caught the drizzle in a slow-motion light show.
To let the brain work without sufficient material is like racing an engine. It racks itself to pieces. The sea air, sunshine, and patience, Watson-all else will come.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Is there anything whiter than winter snow?
White clouds, blue sky.
Across the valley, a waterfall stumbles down. In a month or two the really hard rains will come down for eighteen hours a day and that waterfall will once again become tough as a glacier and wash away the road. But now it looks as delicate as the path of a white butterfly in a long-exposed photograph.
The mirror reflect what it sees. So state of our waterbodies, shows our own nature.
The divine arts; Humankind, Nature, Stars, Sun, Moon, Sea....!
Diversity is Nature's stronghold, yet that very diversity has become a curse for an entire species, which is supposedly the most advanced one on its planet.
Never stop exploring... with Mother Nature by your side, the possibilities are endless.
It's in the nature of the humans and the entire animal kingdom to return blow for blow, cheating for cheating, lie for lie, to hit back with all our might. But what makes us true humans is the power to not hit back.
The more I see as I sit here among the rocks, the more I wonder about what I am not seeing.
Nature we have always with us, an in exhaustible store-house of that which moves the heart, appeals to the mind and fires the imagination -- health to the body, a stimulus to the intellect, and joy to the soul.
Nature releases resistance sometimes slowly, other times powerfully, and always by example. Suddenly out of that calm comes momentum from a new direction.
When I am in nature, my heart dances with butterflies and sings along with flowers.
There in the highlands, clear weather held for much of the time. The air lacked its usual haze, and the view stretched on and on across rows of blue mountains, each paler than the last until the final ranks were indistinguishable from the sky. It was as if all the world might be composed of nothing but valley and ridge.
I love the morning sun because it enlightens my heart and teaches me how to love others with an abundance of warmth and kindness.
Trees live in symbiosis with hyphae (fungus/mold roots). A tea spoon of dirt contains kilometers of these roots. One species can spread throughout entire forests over centuries. They exchange nutrients with trees, along with information about insects, drought and other dangers. It's like a 'wood wide web'.
The clouds had gathered, within the last half-hour. The light was dull; the distance was dim. The lovely face of Nature met us, soft and still and colourless - met us without a smile.
When I am lost in the wonder of nature, my life is vivacious.
If tonight is my last, I would run towards the sea, wildly swim the tides, the jump up the hills, flounder the cliffs and take all big strides, for I am a wanderer, awed by nature's charm who would love to breathe his last in its embracing arms.
Nature finds its peace in silence, forgiveness, and universal love.
Speechless is not even a good enough word to describe what I feel when I see the pictures of how we have transformed the world from the good to bad, from natural to artificial, physical appearance to daily makeup. I think I want to go with the word ENRAGED, DISGUSTED, or better yet INSULTED .
More than the disappearing trees and roses, it's the human tendency to suppress the 'Natural Voice' of the 'Nature's Man' which is sorrowful.
Love is misunderstood by many. Love is to be in the state of calmness even when everything is getting destroyed of you & around you. Love is to be Permanent in the law of impermanence.
The greatest things are freely giving; life, love, joy, smiles, hugs, inner peace, blessings, family, friends, nature..!
Love nature as if it is your own garden of love.
Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly's wings assures me of a pure, innocent world
To find and enjoy profound happiness, learn from nature and emulate her stoic calmness.
A butterfly has landed on a patch of milk parsley. Wings held vertically so it's not going anywhere - for the time being. Once he would have leant across and seized it. Now he'll let it fly.
The Dragonfly CharmEmbrace The Magic of Nature & Life Will Be Filled with Good Fortune
I believe in a higher consciousness. I also believe that nature is supremely conscious. A tree is more conscious than we are.
Why do we decorate the world with the ugliness of war when nature is so beautiful and kind?
with each measured step,we knowthis earth is only as solidas we are.
Despite the violence and war, this world is the most peaceful place with the most beautiful nature in the universe.
The deep observation of nature can transform your consciousness into a higher consciousness that will awaken your true being.
Take a break to listen to the song of the wind, talk to the whispering trees, feel the love of flowers, dance with the dancing leaves, and enjoy the tranquility and serenity of nature.
For life, nature is our best teacher.
Creativity is nature. Nature is creativity.
We are one at the root - we just part at the branch
Nature always accepts changes and never misses the opportunity to bloom.
You cannot control anything except your thoughts. With yoga, you do not control yourself but you harmonize with nature.
Oh! The morning sun, I am grateful for your light and warmth. Oh! The pristine nature, I am grateful for your beauty and life sustaining air. Oh! The river and oceans, I am grateful for your generosity and water for thirst. Oh! The vast sky, I am grateful for your vastness and deepness of love.
Be like nature-quiet, calm, loving, and persistent. Don't hurry. Flowers will bloom.
Plant a tree in your lifetime.
The moment in time is unrepeatable.
Everyday nature is drawing a new picture just to keep herself alive and pretty.
Nature is a better scientist than any human can ever be.
Does not heed to the darkWith its shimmering light,Moon quietly bathes the ocean
Forgetting nature is like forgetting your mother. Remember you are a child of nature. You are connected to it and belong to it. So don't forget to protect her.
Ere long this golden light shall pass and fadeExcept all cherish'd mem'ries ye have made.
Creativity begins with a walk with nature.
The day I understood everything, was the day I stopped trying to figure everything out. The day I knew peace was the day I let everything go.
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.
Even the smallest tender mercy can bring peace when recognized and appreciated.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
There's no time for hatred, only questions. Where is love? Where is happiness? What is life? Where is peace?
Change occurs when one becomes what he is, not when he tries to become what he is not.
Glass & peace alike betray proof of fragility under repeated blows.
Is it not better for a man to die for a cause in which he believes, such as peace, than to suffer for a cause in which he does not believe, such as war?
Modern civilisation is complicated and artificial. Simple folk live in a world of love and peace. Let no one hate another or harm another.
A good friend of mine once said, "I have never met a bigot who was a reader as a child.
The more we genuinely care about others the greater our own happiness & inner peace.
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of the way and let them have it.
Do not expect peace with the enemy whose worth you do not recognize.
By practicing meditation we establish love, compassion, sympathetic joy & equanimity as our home.
If everyone saw himself as a citizen of the world rather than of his town, city or country, the world would be a more peaceful, better place where success in all forms is abundant and available to all.
Traditionally we associate power with the display of strength, winning, and having lots of money and prestige. I think we have power mixed up with the domination of others. It's time to redefine power. To have inner peace and spread that peace throughout the world, THAT is power.
We all want to feel peace, and it is always available to us when we can let go of past hurts, hope for future successes, and be grateful for the moment we are living now.
Always keep a pray for a pure heart, there lies your peace.
When face with any problem, do not panic, but pray. You find the peace to overcome pain.
When face with any problem, do not panic, but pray. You will find the peace to overcome the pain.
Being a dad is quite rewarding and even magical at times. It is our greatest chance to do something right in our lives that will keep making the world a brighter place even generations after we are gone.
Everyone has the power to make a difference, to themselves and others, and to our world.
When a person irrationally and quite pathologically sticks to the creeds of his scriptures too much, it can turn even a great human being into the worst version of himself.
Earth is the play ground of our children and their children. We cannot allow it to be the play ground of the nuclear arms of the evil forces.
I witness that I'm out of alignment with my power. I choose to see peace instead of this.
It's time that Islam should be redefined by the world based upon, the goodness of all the peace-loving Muslims, instead of the theoretical teachings of some books, be it Quran or the Hadith.
As a scientist who deals with the deepest secrets of human mind, I know very well that global harmony is something that cannot be truly achieved in a few millennia. Yet it is the most glorious cause worth fighting for as a true sapiens. And I shall keep working for it relentlessly through thousands of generations yet to come.
Obedience to The Holy Spirit brings you heaven now.
Always ask yourself: "What will happen if I say nothing?
Peace can only survive when fed peace.
If you are not part of the solution to help better humanity then you are slowly becoming part of the problem!
Peace above all, even above love.
To bring peace to this beautiful home we call Earth, let us all sing a song of love.
Success is a trophy, a title, something gained, attained or retained. Fulfilment, true happiness, contentment.... bliss is the gift of the self-realised. That is the real prize.
Without peace, life loses its prime purpose.
We all have different needs, thoughts, ideas, visions, languages, colors, and creeds, but we all want peace and happiness.
If you were blessed to wake up this morning, remember that you have indeed won the grand universal lottery; you have been given yet another chance at life! Your big question is, what will you do with your winnings today? Inshan Meahjohn
When you fill life with mourning and complaints, your accomplishments will be a little lower than success.
Every thought, word, and action plants seeds in the garden of your life. Are you planting seeds of love, compassion, peace, or those of anger, resentment and dissatisfaction? Choose wisely and tend your garden well.
By taking responsibility for your life, including your actions, reactions, thoughts, and words, you can create the life you know you deserve. How you live no longer depends on anyone or anything other than yourself.
Peace is everyone's birthright.
Keep windows of your mind always open, and let the breeze of peace come in with the fragrance of happiness.
To find true peace, forgive those who fill your mind with hatred and instead show them the path of love.
Peace is something you relentlessly nourish in your heart.
Peace begins with you and your unconditional forgiveness.
War will not be able to bring peace-only love and forgiveness can do that.
You think that peace means that no one will fight. True peace is when you create peace within yourself leaving no one to fight.
Be an echo of peace not an echo of bullets.
Peace is an awful beautiful thing for life.
To find universal peace, teach yourself and everyone else to be kind, compassionate, and forgiving.
Peace is not the absence of violence or war; it is the presence of kindness, compassion, love, and care.
Choose to be happy and make inner peace your mission is the best way to live life. Now organize your life to attain these.
Peace should be the only highway of life that we should build all over the world.
Let us learn to see the beauty of life. Let us learn to appreciate and forgive. This is when we will find peace everywhere.
If your heart has no peace, then the value of your life is nothing.
If you can't find peace inside you, you will not be able to find it anywhere else.
It is impossible to find peace in the world if we can't create peace within ourselves.
Peace is simple, but it takes great courage to be simple and walk the path of peace.
Name and form are simply illusions of separation. Love doesn't make us blind; rather, it erases the illusions so we can see clearly.
I wish for all of us the blindness of love that makes us see no faults in the other.
To find a peaceful world, a man of wisdom creates peace within himself.
We will find true peace only when we learn to see that there is no difference among ourselves, realize that we are different manifestations of one, and we love each other as brother and sister.
Don't let any tragic event or any people pull you away from the path of peace. Be strong and attract others to your path toward peace.
Become a fountain of peace to spread the flow of joy to everyone.
It is easy to conform, but it takes great courage to stand up for peace.
I am always at peace even when I am in the midst of war.
Life will be peaceful if you can fill your heart with an abundance of love.
Life is delicious. Waste not one bite!
One's own form of sensibility is not not necessarily another's. Common sense is not so common.
Today and every day: I offer the universe my love  I offer the universe my peace  I offer the universe my beauty of hope  I offer the universe my deepest gratitude for her hospitality and generosity
Funny how we do not realize the true value and legacy of a living icon until they suddenly pass away. Truth is, there are many living legends among us, we just do not stop and take time to notice their worth until it's too late.
If everyone takes one action for peace every day, our future generations will be able to enjoy peace.
If life is a magnificent journey, then peace is the way and happiness is the destination.
I am overflowing with love, peace, joy, happiness and abundance. Let this be your morning prayer.
When we declare war for peace, we may win the war and lose the battle.
No person is ever wrong in how they experience their reality.
Every day, live in a way that honors who you are.
Transform into your dream.
When is now.
Be one with yourself and revel in eternal bliss.
Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a lifetime.
My mind is an instrument of peaceI am the peaceMy heart sing the song of peaceMy mind dances with peaceI laugh with peaceMy soul is longing for peaceMy spirit is the source of peace.
Happiness is individualized. Don't box it in. Let it fly.
Our daily gratitude shapes our everyday attitude.
I shall write peace upon your wings,and you shall fly around the worldso that children will no longer haveto die this way.
When you love yourself, then you are at peace. Wants or needs cannot destroy it
Walk into the unknown with what you know in your heart.
Find calmness in storms. Find beauty in ugliness. Find peace in the midst of war. Now expand it. Only people with a higher consciousness can do this. It will make the world a better place for mankind.
The flower doth not worry, and the tree doth not waver.
I choose to live in peace today. I choose to get lost in my inner beauty today.
To be in peace, grow calmness and compassion in your heart.
Peace is the inner silence that calms all outer noises.
Peace always grows in a loving and compassionate mind.
No matter where you are spread the fragrance of peace like a flower.
Going to war to establish peace will not bring peace. It will just kill you.
Today, take a dive in a beautiful, calm, tranquil lake of peace.
If our purpose of life is live in peace and happiness, then why are we always preparing for war?
Peace begins with a kind gesture and Namaste.
No one can steal my peace of mind without my consent.
You find peace by becoming a source of peace for others.
Peace in my mind,Peace in my heart,Peace in my dreams And peace in my thoughts.
To live a life in perfect harmony, create true peace in your heart.
Free your mind completely to find true peace in this world.
To win peace, fight with love not with violence.
Happiness can only bloom in the garden of peace.
Inner calmness and peace is more important that outer joy.
Peace is a road to happiness and the future.War is a road to destruction and death.
Hope for peace!Dream for peace!Act for peace!Live in peace!Life is for peace!
To find peace, live in the moment with joy.
Love, kindness, compassion, and forgiveness are the secrets of all peace and happiness.
If everyone, every morning, thought about peace just for a few minutes instead of thinking about what to eat for breakfast we would have peace in the world.
If you are not able to find peace within yourself, no one will be able to bring you peace.
Create your inner peace to enjoy the endless beauties of life.
Peace is an eternal journey we begin in the mind by changing our thoughts so that we can fill the world with love and kindness.
If you want peace, fill your mind with peaceful thoughts.
Let peace bloom in your heart like a fresh flower.
Peace is not the absence of chaos. It is the presence of tranquility and joy in the midst of chaos.
Today I have nothing to do except sing the songs of peace.
To live in peace, love peace.
Peace begins with a touch of unconditional love.
The war for peace can destroy the whole world.
Forgiveness is the most compassionate way toward the peace.
Peace lets us to be more pleasant.
To touch everyone's heart, let us all sing a song of peace.
Do not allow outer chaos disturb your inner tranquility, serenity, and peace.
Fall in love with peace to enjoy the journey we call life.
When every heart is filled with peace and every mind is searching for peace, how can there be war?
Let us all love each other. Every morning, let us sing a song of peace together.
Why have we built warships to bring home peace?
Find truth inside you to find peace in the world.
Create the kind of peace in your mind that you want to see in the world.
When your mind is overflowing with peace, you will find peace all around you.
Think about peace, dream about peace, and take action to make the world peaceful.
We will not be able to find peace if our minds are burning with the fires of resentment. Let us forgive and forget to create peace.
Peace begins in the mind with a simple thought of love and kindness for all.
Peace is always pleasant, always kind.
With love and kindness, grow peace in your mind and then spread it with joy.
Be a vessel of forgiveness and kindness in order to be a fountain of peace.
Peace is not only the goal, it is the game itself.
Be a fountain of peace to find peace everywhere.
It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.
Let us be kind and compassionate to all beings. Everyone wants to enjoy their lives, everyone has sufferings, and everyone wants peace and happiness.
We create a better world with beautiful deeds.
Perhaps above everything compassion is the most important thing to embrace and emanate in life. It will enhance your life - and it's the one thing that will elevate and heal mankind
Peace begins with a greeting of Namaste.
Don't let your ego put you in a compromising situation. Don't allow your pride to keep you from seeking the help you need. And don't give in to your fears. Stay focused.
Real peace goes beyond explanation.
Explore your own peace.
Happiness is not giddiness or some overly inflated sense of being.
Take a deep breath. Inhale peace. Exhale happiness.
In love there is truth, and in truth there is peace.
Find peace in knowing.
Just because you stumbled a few times in the past doesn't mean you won't overcome. Realize that adversity and challenges arise, but you are made stronger. Embrace the day. Seize the moment. Your time is now.
We always desire peace yet we prepare to go to war.
To attract all the beauty of life, spread the fragrance of happiness like a dancing flower of peace.
Let us bring peace to the world by dreaming of peace.
We have no peace because we have forgotten that we all came from the same mother. We are brothers and sisters.
Spread peace and love. Be the bearer of the light of love.
Be the light of peace to drive away the darkness of hatred.
Create peace in your heart before you can express it in words.
Peace begins with a thought of love.
Love and let flowers of peace bloom.
One day we will all have to leave this beautiful world, and we want to leave with peace towards eternal peace. We also want our future generations to live with joy and peace.
Let us walk with the light of love on the path toward peace.
To understand the language of love and peace, listen to the silence.
Peace begins with feelings of love.
Love and let flowers of peace bloom in your heart.
If life is a joyful serious journey, then peace should be the train and happiness should be the destination.
The pathway to enlightenment, transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.
Let us be kind. Let us love to live in harmony, peace, and happiness.
Love, compassion, and patience bring peace.
Have peace in your heart to find peace in the outer world.
A peaceful mind is the source of all joy and all happiness.
For a peaceful life: think about peace, talk about peace, give away peace, and fill the world with peace.
To talk about peace is pleasant and kind. To help others to live in peace is an expression of compassion and love.
Human beings are born for peace; they like to grow up in peace. They like to raise their children in peace, and they like to say goodbye to this beautiful life in peace. Then why are we always preparing for war?
Nobody can steal my inner beauty, tranquility, and peace without my consent.
You cannot live with inner tranquility and peace when you hate others.
Inner peace comes from knowing the ultimate purpose of your life.
Peace is an inner perception not an outer condition.
It's not a matter of whether you want happiness. We all need peace, love, and happiness. But, if you fail to nurture your spirit, by absorbing all things good and giving attention to the matters of your heart, it will be hard to obtain. It must radiate from inside of you. Then, flow outwardly penetrating everyone around you.
You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe.
Violence can only breed more violence and suffering. Our struggle must remain non-violent and free of hatred.
Let the light of your love enlighten the whole world and fill it with joy, happiness, and peace.
Look into my eyes andYou'll see my mind.A tranquil city,That rebuilt itself and left the past behind.
Despite all of the violence, suffering and wars, don't forget to sing the song of love, harmony, and peace.
Mourn with those are sorrowful.
Peace is possible with understanding of each other.Understanding is love for one another.
We must begin to speak with each other in a gentle manner.
Let us welcome each other with tender love.
You deserve respect and appreciation. A person who doesn't have respect for themselves will more than likely not give it to you. You have to set the standard for yourself by not allowing the insolence.
Time is valuable in life. You can show someone how much you appreciate them by giving your time. A good amount of time goes by each day. Spending time with the ones you love shows them how much you care.
In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.
Love is the beginning of understanding.
The behaviour and attitude of another person's towards you reflect their state of inner self and mindset.
We are sisters. We are brothers. We are family.
We ought to love and be gentle with one another.
If you live your life to please others, sometimes you neglect yourself. You deserve happiness. You deserve peace. You deserve love and respect. Don't get caught up and deprive the very essence of you
When you focus your attention more on your dreams and goals and less on the opinions of others, you are capable of achieving success. No one knows the desires of your heart better than you.
You don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body, just the same, don't blame others for the shape of your experience.
You never know how strong you are until you've been tested. People will try you on every level. They may think because you're not loud or rude like them that you won't put them in their place. But, push the wrong buttons and you'll soon find out.
Man will tell woman he will die for her, but I say, tell woman that you will die for her both physically and interior
If you want to experience joy and happiness in life, you must free your mind. Don't become a prisoner to your thoughts. Don't allow your perceptions to be the only views you believe. Allow truth to penetrate your core as it sets you free
Sex is a powerful intent to create: the creation of pleasure, creation of love, and ultimately the creation of life. It connects and syncs two beings emotionally, physically, and mentally and is one of the strongest expressions of love that exists in this World.
Being scared to fail inspires creativity; heartbreak inspires creativity; being hurt by others inspires creativity; being lost inspires creativity. Your masterpiece isn't something that you will have made in the colorful, it is understood in the darkness. Use the anxiety within and let it serve you.
Love was never meant to be contained solely in our hearts, just as life in a seed was always meant to break through into the world and become beauty to be shared.
With the notion that we can open up our world by opening our minds, realize that home is the land that is least explored, and that adventure is a notion not determined by location, but is ultimately a state of mind.
The universe and the law of attraction speak a language that knows no words, only discerning your intent through sacrifice and what you are willing to give up.
The tallest and oldest trees that seemed to have just have casually always been there, hold the greatest love: as it nurtures love for others: providing shade for two lovers, becoming home for birds to build a nest, and giving food to the squirrels whom scurry upon it.
The beauty of traveling is understood along the way rather than at the end of the journey, just as the purpose of marriage isn't about becoming Mr. and Mrs.'s, but is about the love that is expressed on a daily basis between two lovers. A journey is not made up of the destinations that we arrive at, but is composed within every step and each breath we make.
Sometimes people come into our lives to make us a softer person, other times they come to teach us to let go, and occasionally the relationship wasn't a lesson about the relationship 'us', but a lesson about the relationship you have with yourself.
With maps and globes decorated around your room as a child and with passport and ticket in hand in the present, it is your world to explore. To travel is to ask for a complex mix of the new and the old, hellos and goodbyes, and sadness and happiness. Leave your shoes behind at home and to walk in the footsteps of others for a while.
When we are in a foreign country we live with a fervor rooting from knowing that our days there are numbered, yet if the number of days in lives is numbered, are we not to live our everyday lives with that same zeal?
Whether between man and women, man and man, or woman and woman; look not towards any system that binds society created by man for guidance, but be guided by the principles of love. Love is the only law that commands this universe, and is the only language that is understood universally.
The journey is made up of the most genuine and honest wonders of the mind, but also includes unfathomable sorrow and despair; yet, this is what makes up a journey as well as the human experience in entirety.
Your value and self-worth is not found in your former lover, not in the loving words of they spoke, not in the gentle ways that they held you, not in the sweetness of their kiss; but found in the love that you have for yourself.
Our journey is our breath that makes up the seconds, the emotions that are in the minutes, and our purpose that make up the hours. Stay true to yourself in each moment, and remain vigilant to your purpose in every instant. Our journey begins with the first breath and thereby by every breath that follows.
The drive, the ambition, the art; it all comes to me when I close my eyes and think about the sacrifices my Mom made for me.
If you want to be free of the wars of the world, begin by resolving the wars within you. If you want to see the world at peace, create peace within your mind.
Let the people talk, let people doubt, and letpeople question you, but never allow yourself to quit walking your path. Their path is their own and the path you walk is that of your own. Sweet child of mine, be the brave child of mine.
Synchronize each breath with the present moment and become intertwined with happiness. Breathing in, we are grateful for the opportunities that are given to us; breathing out, we let go of the depression and anxiety that hold us back.
Have no fear in the devil and acknowledge the insecurities, mistakes of the past, and disappointments that you have long failed to accept as new beginnings and see the child within you begin to heal.
All is contained within the silence of death, the quietest and the loudest sound in the universe.
I didn't know that the times we spent together on the weekends, the times that we laughed together, and the times you helped me out was your way of silently wishing me a beautiful goodbye.
Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart. Only in the moments of pain, do we begin to empathize with humankind. Only when you are lost, you will find new meaning. Float on.
Life was the gift that you were given the day you were born, and in turn you are the gift to life. Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart.
By creating an image of low self- esteem within ourselves, we bomb and terrorize our true self. When we refuse to forgive, we create an insensible war from old grudges. When we allow stress to impede our healthy flow of energy, we create the weapon of destruction that kills humanity.
Acknowledge and accept that there will be chaotic times while being on your raft from being lost in true freedom. Engulfed by darkness at sea, we are consumed by a great loneliness that has consistently existed even when people surrounded us, and that is when we must throw all that is heavy into the water, and float independently through to the present.
With nowhere to go, we have everywhere else to go.
Without waiting for others acknowledge your purpose, remaining balanced when things don't work out, and uncompromising in your effort; realize that you have a piece of the universe for which she cannot exist without.
Wisdom comes from not only in the understanding that often times we say no to things too easily and quickly, but also in knowing that that 'no' for the sake of your physical and mental wellbeing can also be a reasonable and grounded decision for which you shouldn't feel the need to feel guilty.
Apples to oranges, the act of comparing your life to another's is more like comparing an elephant to an apple, it makes no sense to compare someone's life that you have no knowledge about to that of your own, of which in all earnest is not something that you completely understand yourself.
You can conquer any aggressive action, with restraint and patient.
Compassion is an act of love.
A smile is a light within you being turned on, it can illuminate the path for you and others.
Embrace one another with a holy hug.
We are here in this world for each other.
Until you know how to change yourself for the better, you cannot change others.
To get lost in the ecstasy and elegance of life, let me dive in the depth of love.
I may not know who you are, where you are, or where you will be after I have gone, but I still love you. I came to this world to serve all of you.
Be a success but never forget to be kind. Success has no meaning if your heart is empty of kindness.
Be a guiding light in the darkness of hatred.
Compassion is the highest form of love. Kindness is the best way to express love.
You attract others with your inner lights of positivity, love, and kindness.
To find yourself again and again, get lost in true love.
Magical morning lights, dreamy sky,Smiling flowers letting us know summer is opening her eyes
Let prosperity flow into you like the waves of love and kindness that fill your heart and mind.
To find prosperity in life, help others to prosper.
Be good to attract good.
Promise yourself that you will not leave this world before accomplishing what is important to you and what matters for the world.
A face without a smile is like a sky without a sun.
When you are ready to be done with the day, praise yourself with love and kindness for the hard work and accomplishments made during the day.
When you are ready, every door will open automatically for you.
Let us dance with passion. Our hearts will be dancing with joy and the magic of the music.
Measure your life not by its longevity but by the differences you have made with your creativity and beauty.
Ah! Such a beautiful morning! Let us be the sunshine in someone's life and fill her heart with untold joy.
All that matters in life is that you are happy with where you are, what you are, and with whom you are. Everything around you will be happy and smile with you. If that isn't success, then what is?
You truly live when you have an abundant mindset and help others to create abundance.
Very little effort is needed to create a prosperous life. Focus on positivity, prosperity, and love.
This world is a peaceful stage where we are all villains of this drama and trees are the heroes.
Ah! Summer is here. Celebrate the lights, dance with the blooming flowers, swim with the heart touching waves, sing under the dreamy starlight, dance with the winds, fall in love with the blue sky and the simple joys of life.
There are more treasures hiding in between your ears than can be hidden in the whole earth.
Whatever happens in life happens to make you stronger. So fear not, accept it as a gift from the universe. Use the event to capture the essence of this journey we call life.
True love not only attracts hearts, but it also shines like the sun.
Namaste means that whatever is precious and beautiful in me honors whatever is precious and beautiful in you.
Always be there for others. Always inspire them with your dreams and hope, vision and mission, attitude and aptitude.
Don't think about the possibilities of failing. Never forget to think about the possibilities of flying.
Act today. Think tomorrow.
I am not apologetic. I don't define or defend my philosophical thoughts. You have to feel them, think about them, imagine them, and then try to understand them. My thoughts are my truths. They may not be your truth, and that is fine with me.
Life is not about reality. It is about how you perceive it.
To welcome the present with an open hand and heart, let your past go with appreciation.
Be the fountain of love and let everyone wade in it.
I am loving. I am forgiving.I am at peace.
The truth should not be contingent, but it should be coherent.
It is important to be moral, but it is essential to be kind.
When you slowly and gently get lost in love, you become infinite.
Kindness can be short, sweet, transient, and random, but its effects echo forever.
Philosophy is the song of conscience and music the of thoughts.
Right is not always right. If you are appropriate, then you are always right.
In order to succeed, we must first dream. Then we must believe in that dream and take action.
The happiest people are not always the richest, but they are always abundant with kindness and content with their richness
I may not give you as much love as you want, but I will give you as much as I have.
A poem often begins in the midst of wonderful wandering thoughts that are eager to open wings to fly in the beautiful blue sky of imagination.
It is never too early and never too late to try your best. What you like or what you love will be a great success.
Every memory is precious. It is more precious when it is a memory of a baby's smile.
When a baby is born here on earth, a star is born in the sky.
If someone hurts you, he is hurting himself. He may not be able to escape that hurt in his lifetime.
The beauty of wisdom lies in simplicity and humility.
I may not believe in magic, but I know words have the magical power to change a person or a life in a second.
Spoken words have power beyond measure.
To be a leader, take action and be an example. To be an adviser, be wise.
If any belief or societal dogma prevents peaceful societal change or progress, that society will inevitably be victims of miserable violent changes.
It takes respect, understanding, and forgiveness to make peace.
I love deeply and admire the beauties of life and its expression in many different art forms. I am an aesthetic philosopher.
If you are loving, you will attract love. If you are kind, you will attract kindness. If your heart is at peace, you will create an aura of peacefulness around you.
You may slowdown, but time will not wait for you.
A genius is a person who is more observant and has more patience.
The secret of success is being persistent and having a definite purpose.
I am deeply in love with the world and its contents. My heartaches when I see any suffering so kindness and altruism is my ultimate way of life.
I am neither moral or immoral. I am amoral, and I express it through my kindness.
If you are truly in love with this world and your life, then you will lose the sense of angst.
Kindness should be a priority for every human being.
The mind has no archetype. It is an ever-changing ever-evolving paradigm.
The currency of a happy life is not money, but it is pure love.
This moment is the most important and beautiful moment of your life. Live it, love it, and enjoy it!
Who I am? Am I thinking?
Our job is to make others feel better and to find happiness. It will ultimately make you happy and abundant.
You never help anyone without helping yourself. You never pick up anyone without making yourself stronger.
He who loves you deeply owns you without your knowledge.
Oh Dear! The only time I want to love you is today, tomorrow, and forever.
We travel not just to see the beauty of new places but to see our own beauty in a new environment.
Start your day by awakening early to welcome the morning sun with a smile, love, and gratitude.
Life is like a snowflake-transient, translucent, adventurous, ephemeral, and beautiful.
Oh my lovely moon! Touch my thirsty heart with your ocean of silvery silent love.
Life is beautiful for those who take the risk to love and take the adventure to enjoy life.
Be courageous! First win the fear of failure to win the game of life.
Start each morning with appreciation, love, and gratitude.
Smile like the sun and radiate your light and make this world bright.
To be the person you always wanted to be, do the right things with love.
The real currency of life is not money but love. Real success comes not from earning but from giving.
Always be grateful for life, love, and joy.
I may not be able to leave behind wealth or splendor, but I will try to leave behind examples and stories of my love and kindness to inspire you to be kind and spread the message of kindness.
Be a true romantic. Always ruminate about the true beauty of life.
Those who look outside can only see an illusion. Those who look inside may see the reality.
To find it, give the love that you seek.
You are nothing but a reflection of your imagination. Be yourself to create a better self.
Life is an incredible adventure into the mysterious unknown future.
The biggest and grandest adventure in life is life itself.
The joy of life is in new creations, new adventures, and new feelings.
You are always on the verge of an adventure so dare to find it with true joy.
Not everyone is violent in a violence infected country or society. In those countries and societies many parents unknowingly teach their children hatred and violence.
Don't forget to wonder and appreciate yourself.
Always try to live in a wonderful world where the sun is always shining, flowers are always blooming, birds are always singing, and you are always busy with a joyful life.
A smile is a reflection of your dancing heart and your joyful soul.
Don't look for a reason to be kind. Be a little more loving and kind.
I shoot with my pen with the bullets of love.
If you help others to be happy, nobody can steal your happiness.
A hug everyday mixed with just four sweet letters makes life joyful.
Don't blame other people for your problems. Only you can do anything about your problems. Inspect, reflect, realize, and then find the cure. No one can do it for you.
Philosophy is the reflection of reflective mind.
In life, every step you take is an adventure. Never fear to venture and never forget to enjoy.
Everyone comes to this world with one great purpose. That is to serve others.
Giving with love is more rewarding for the giver's heart and mind than the receiver
With your spare time and money, make a difference for those who can't afford a life.
Let us be kind and let us make kindness as the anthem of our life.
I want to know the truth to set it free.
Be selfless to find yourself.
To open a closed door, use kindness as your key.
To add value to your life, serve others with love and kindness.
Your silence holds the mysterious and beautiful secrets of your life. Feel it, love it, adore it, live it, and enjoy it.
The ultimate success of a life depends on character and not on achievement.
You are the world. Everything that you see around you is a reflection of your soul and mind.
Your attitude towards life will define your altitude of success.
Wealth is the byproduct of thoughts. To be wealthy, think of wealth.
I love foolish people because I am not enough of a fool to not love them.
Smiling is the most powerful exercise to build a joyful mind and a blissful heart.
Show your infectious smile and infect everyone with joy.
In the morning, smile like the morning sun and give the best gift of a smile filled with the warmth of love.
Let your infectious smile infect the whole world with love and joy.
To win, don't compete. To love, don't complain. To be kind, don't judge.
Fill life with emptiness to enjoy the abundance.
Knowing how to love unconditionally is the ultimate knowledge of life.
If you have any hate in your heart, you will not be able to create a society that is just.
This world is unreal and ever-changing. Only an optimist with optimum love can adjust and grow with joy.
Life is an amazingly mysterious and interesting game. To win, you have to play with the magical powers of love and kindness.
Love someone not because of what they have, love them because of what they are.
This world is a field of opportunity and a river of diamonds. You just have to find them.
The meaning of life is life itself. The reward of love is love itself. The joy of the journey is not in the destination but in the journey itself.
Success is more like a character than financial status
If life is a prison, then death is the ultimate freedom.
Our thoughts and imaginations are much more powerful than our feelings or actions.
Let us kill each other with love and kindness-not with hatred and guns.
Start going-you will find the way.
Only your thoughts can bring you happiness.
Life is a journey. If you can't walk, journey with your thoughts and imaginations.
If you hurt, expect to feel the pain.
What you expect, it will find the way to appear.
If you expect love, don't forget to love someone.
I love you every day as if it is Valentine's day.
The magic of love is that it has the power to create a magical world in and around us.
Democracy is not perfect. It is an imperfection that the majority choose to support.
Science is beautiful because of its endless curiosity.
The greatest power that a human possesses is the power of pure love.
Miracles can only happen when you expect miracles with all of your heart.
Abundance in life comes from generosity.
Love is a byproduct of deep appreciation.
Ah! Your heavenly smile makes my heart dance with the ecstasy of life.
Let us express our deepest gratitude to those who sacrificed their lives to give us freedom. Wish you all a very joyful Independence Day!
Every morning the sunrises to enlighten your heart so that a flower of hope can bloom in your garden.
Any society that justifies violence against any human being for any reason will be a violent society. It will ultimately infect and affect the whole society. Everyone will suffer.
I have no words to express my sadness, grief, and frustration. I never thought Bengali people could do such a heinous and atrocious thing. My heart goes out to those innocent victims and their families.
You are a leader if your vision, mission, and actions inspire others to emulate you or follow your path.
A loving heart blooms like a flower that attracts all the beauty and light of life.
I have never felt so alive-so free-so proud. I love my country. I love my America.
Life is better when I get lost in natural beauty.
Without an abundance of hope and happiness, it will be difficult to accumulate an abundance of wealth.
Love and kindness are the glue that holds us together.
Most people will be a great success if they focus on doing what is important and not what is urgent or pleasant.
Always think about how you can contribute and never think of how you can receive a contribution.
Give everything away. Create an emptiness to fill again and again with love.
Be judgmental to yourself, but be kind and non-judgmental to others.
In life, every moment and everything, is miraculous because life itself is a dance of a miracle.
Your life is your dream dreamt by your heart.
Ah! Beautiful Paris! Where smiles bloom on stone.
Such a beautiful smile! It is like spring flowers in the deadness of a white winter.
Don't wait for a perfect day. To make it a perfect day, dance the whole day, sing every hour, and love every moment
I am filling my life with an abundance of love every day and in every way so that I can give it away.
The wisest man is he who is kind to all, compassionate to many, and rude to none.
To achieve all of your goals, focus on one goal at a time.
Suffering often comes from the choices you make. Choose carefully.
If you make someone suffer today, without any doubt, you will be punished by your conscience. Don't hurt anyone in anyway or form.
There is no greater duty in this world than to serve others with deep compassion and love.
Self-respect is nothing but self-confidence.
Kindness! What a wonderful way to touch someone's heart.
Everything you think today will ultimately reflect in your future. So think carefully, think better.
They may think I'm insane because I left my wonderful job. I may think they are insane because they don't know the value of life.
If your vision encourages and enables others to hope more, see more, act more, love more, and live more then you are a true pathfinder.
When citizens of a country or nation believe in superstitions or dogma, they will inevitably suffer from tremendous misery or tragedy.
Cruelty against innocent helpless animals is the worst form of violence.
I am not the human being that you see. I am the light. In my heart, I feel dances of electromagnetic waves of love and spirit.
The more you focus on the positive and the beauty around you, the more positive and peaceful your life will be.
How can you find time to complain if your life is always changing?
Just like you can't punish anyone without punishing yourself, you can't love anyone without loving yourself.
My goal is simple-to live simply and to be kind to all.
The richest man is he who lives simply but has an abundance of love and kindness to give away.
You miss all the possibilities of winning if you don't participate
We often know the truth, but rarely do we follow it.
We are so busy with our everyday lives that we often forget how to live.
Life is a flow of changes-transient and ephemeral.
Love is the best treatment for depression. To get better, you have to give it away as much as you can, as fast as you can, and as often as you can.
A great poet can give wings to abstract thoughts that touch a reader's mind with the ecstasy of joy.
Sometimes absurd logic can be amusing and heart-touching.
The ultimate altruism is nothing but the sacrifice of one's self for the benefit of others. Love yourself but never forget to be altruistic to others in need.
Theism is a philosophy of non-thinker.
To find the truth, try to follow the Socratic method. Just don't forget to follow your intuition and imagination.
If you don't exist, then for you nothing exists.
I don't believe in solipsism, but I also believe that if I am not existing-nothing exists for me.
The greatest obstacle in understanding the universe is the conformity and fear of truth.
If life is a business, then you are blessed with an abundance of capital which is your unconditional love.
Great music is a great remedy for depression, but you have to drink it in with your heart and mind.
Life is an opportunity to love and serve.
Yesterday was good, but let us dream and work hard to make tomorrow even better.
To find joy in life, it is our responsibility and duty to love and serve others.
In order to create a positive life, you have to have a positive vision and take creative actions.
To create a positive and beautiful life, you have to focus on the positive side of life.
In order to get positive results, fill your mind with positive thoughts and take action.
Never forget to give. If you have nothing to give, then give your love and kindness.
Only true rebelliousness can change the world for the better. Be rebellious.
To find yourself, learn to love yourself.
Meditation is a magical way to merge the finite mind with the universal infinite mind.
True enlightenment is when you know that you're nobody and that you are an interplay and display of perplexing energy.
Because of you, I can see and realize the beauty of life.
My heart is aching for the people of Nice, Italy. I am so sad that I have no words to express my frustration.
Life is a magnificent and magical game. To win, play with utmost care and profound love.
A spirit is like a nucleus of an atom-invisible but infinite.
Like a peacock, dance with an open mind and a loving heart to reveal your incredible beauty.
We think that comfort and convenience will bring happiness and forget that only love can do that.
You can never destroy the barbarian culture of hatred, violence, and death by killing barbarians. You have to destroy the philosophy that makes them barbarian.
A baby is as pure as an angel and as fresh as a blooming flower.
The attractive power of love is intensified proportional to the intensity of thoughts, perception of duration, and the perceived distance.
You are beautiful, not only because of your beauty, because of who you are.
To be a success, you have to break down your wall of fear that you built around you to protect yourself and come out of your mental limitations.
If you are opportunity oriented, you will find opportunities all around you. If you are problem oriented, you will see problems all around you.
A guru is a person who can radiate lights of wisdom to enlighten the path of life for others.
You came to this world with nothing, and you will leave this world with nothing. There is nothing to gain or lose. You can only touch everyone and everything with your love.
Life is an interplay and display of perplexing energy.
It is interesting that we know how the world and the planetary systems work, but we don't know how we think and why we are conscious.
Wherever you are-be there.
The secret of happiness is unconditional acceptance.
A little fire of anger can burn everything that you have built over your lifetime.
Dream, desire, and then dare to discover.
Love is your only wealth. Everything else is just a mirage.
Love what you are.
Love without rest.
Love to live, live to love-nothing else matters.
Life is not measured by its length but by its contents.
With kindness you always win.
Love thyself first to love others.
Destiny is defined by your choices, decisions, and determination.
To control yourself, control your fear first.
Don't only dream it, live in it.
It is easy to tie someone with love, but it takes a lifetime to untie the knot of love.
Set an example for others to do better.
The future belongs to those who never forget to think.
Oh my dear! No matter where you are, I will be with you either in person or in my heart.
Every life matters. Be like Mother Nature and love everyone without judging.
The view from above is always beautiful. Strive to go there, but never forget to be kind.
The future only gets brighter if we don't forget to enlighten the present moment.
Everything you hate holds you back from growing. Everything you love helps you to grow.
Live for today with love and kindness. Live profoundly for tomorrow is promised to no one.
I don't believe in miracles, but my life is an amazing example of a miracle.
I am infinite. I only create my boundaries with my thoughts.
You came here with love so live with passion and love everyone.
You may not get what you desire, but you will get what you deeply love.
Make peace with your past and make room to welcome your future.
If you see only problems, then the doors of opportunities will close. If you see only opportunities, then problems will fly away.
In this ocean of time, life is smaller than a drop of water. To create an impact, create a massive wave with the power of your infinite love.
The best and biggest gold mine is in between your ears. To find the gold, think deeply and think better.
Generosity does not come from wealth. Wealth comes from the flowers of kindness and love.
If you want to be happy or if you want to be miserable-either way is your choice. So choose to be happy.
People who see beauty all around them live in a beautiful world. People who see danger all around them live in a dangerous world.
A new baby is a bundle of hope, a smiling imagination, and a dancing dreams.
Never think of hurting anyone else, if you do, you are already hurting yourself.
Anger is a poison that affects our thoughts and creates a fire that burns our sweetness of heart.
Innovation gives life to imagination by providing that it is true, real, and useful.
If you want to do something-you can do it! You just have to be focused and persistent.
Tomorrow is the next step in life-not the next stop in life.
I have no magic wand to control what other people think or do. I can control how I respond, and this is all that matters.
I can't control the waves of the ocean, but I can learn how to navigate my ship.
If any morality or ethics does not include kindness as their fundamental ingredient, then they are just an absurdity.
Emptiness is not a great loss. It creates a great opportunity to fill yourself again and again with great love.
Winning has a value for ego, but participation has a value for life.
Listen to the song of silence to understand the unsung music of the heart.
In deep silence, close your eyes and let your heart fly by spreading those wings of love in an unknown sky.
I am with you always. You just have to find me by opening your inner eyes and closing your egocentric mind.
When you are in love, an ocean of joy dances like the waves in an ocean. You are that ocean.
Life is about giving yourself away in the service of others. Life is not about living just to live.
Your thoughts and actions becomes your world.
When you are eager to serve the world, the universe will be eager to serve you.
Strive to be a person of character not a person of power.
A great purpose with great commitment can definitely create a great life with great value
We become what we deeply desire and think about most of the time
The beauty of life depends on how you respond not in how true you answer.
You are a gold mine of potential power. You have to dig to find it and make it real.
I am the waves of the ocean, and I am always in love with the floating white clouds. I sing along with the wind and dance along with your thoughts and imaginations.
I want to be a ripple in the infinite ocean of love.
Like the ocean, never forget to be generous with your love.
Wrapped in a mother's love is the most beautiful and safest place on earth for a child.
Heaven on earth is found in a mother's heart.
Things are not real, but they are the reflection of our imaginations and perceptions.
Life's biggest enemy is time. It kills us slowly as the illusion changes.
When you believe, the whole world with all of her positive-synchronized power dares to help you.
We live in this universe not with the power of our body, but with the power of our will and spirit.
A song of love makes the spirit dance with joy.
Let it be that your life becomes the brightest light that enlightens the whole world.
As life begins with a tiny little thing, success begins with tiny little steps forward.
Power of persistence can overcome any obstacles.
Life is the byproduct of our thoughts. To make life better-think better.
A busy life is filled with tremendous emptiness.
Everything becomes yours when you touch it with your love. You are connected to everything with your feelings.
When in doubt, focus on your heart. It will show you your destiny.
Love has value even though we can't measure it. Silence has meaning even though we can't understand it.
If you share your happiness with profound love, it will grow by leaps and bounds.
Only those who are eager to get lost in the wilderness of life's beauty can find a meaningful life.
Think about yourself because no one has time to think about you. Everyone is busy thinking about themselves.
Let us be the waves of infinite love to be infinite in this finite ocean of life.
If you conform, you miss all of the adventures and stand against the progress of society.
If you have no anger inside your heart, you will have no enemy outside in the world.
Three things to give up to be happier: 1. Never complain, condemn, or criticize. 2. Give up anger, fear, and resentment. 3. Give up the desire to impress and control others.
Don't worry about how people accept you or react to you. Accept everyone with love.
Every morning you are younger than you will ever be. Enjoy the day.
Learn to read deeply. It will slowly open your mind's eye, and will be able to see the secret beauty of the universe and understand its deeper essence.
Our actions let us walk and live. Our imaginations let us fly. So be action oriented and never forget to dream.
Make it your ultimate habit of life to be kind.
Success is a habit not an isolated event. Be passionate about success to cultivate it.
Make it the ultimate purpose of your life to be a great success.
Believe in true beauty and the power of a loving smile because it can reveal the ultimate magic of life.
America is the most fertile ground of opportunity.
You can break the walls of limitations with the power of your dreams and imagination.
Share your wisdom and infect everyone with your love.
Everything that happens in our lives has meaning even though we may not understand it or even pay attention to it.
It is very easy to know someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget them.
Love, not for a purpose, love just for the sake of love.
My past thoughts created today's me.
What you believe and hold close to your heart, you will become.
Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty.
When you forgive everyone, you have no one to fight.
If you want inner peace, unconditionally forgive everyone. If you want world peace, be an example and love everyone.
When the mind is peaceful, hearts will bloom with love.
I have no desire to fight with anyone, anyway. I have a desire to forgive everyone, every way.
Promise yourself to forgive everyone, love everyone, and judge no one.
Be so strong; for peace of mind, love those who do not deserve your love.
To find inner peace, exercise kindness and compassion.
Let us be kind. It is the simplest way to touch someone's heart.
Abundance of life does not come from having a great job. Abundance comes from generosity.
Most bad people are good people that don't know how to think critically. These people become the blind weapons of a society.
Giving without expectations is the ultimate secret source of abundance.
Music is the only language which can be understood by everyone-even a tree can understand music.
Don't just live your life. Get lost with love and enjoy this amazing mysterious fairytale life.
Music fills the soul with divine beauty of pure love and life.
Absolute is infinite so there is no absolute truth. There is truth that you can see in infinite ways and make your own.
I am always happy because I have no other choice.
If you want to get wealth, focus on wealth. If you want happiness, focus on happiness.
Every daring adventure opens a new magnificent frontier.
A terrorist is the most foolish and naive. He is drunk with fixed false beliefs that killing his neighbors will result in going to heaven.
Confidence brings comfort and clarity.
A person who can understand, appreciate, and sing along with a tree has a deeper perception on life.
Most of us are brainwashed by our society so we become the reflection of that society.
You can't manage a project. You can only mange your thoughts to come up with better ideas to do the project in a better way.
Most people don't think most of the time. They just use other people's thoughts as a crutch to get by.
Those with an abundant mindset will have abundant wealth.
To be a great success detect the problem, find the solutions, never complain, but never forget to compliment someone.
Our life gets prettier when we try to lighten the burden of others.
A simple mind and a loving heart is a source of miracle.
The world is a living mirror. With the light of your perception, you see yourself in it every moment.
Before we can change the world, we have to change ourselves. We can do it by focusing, concentrating, meditating, and self-realizing.
You may not be a great success in everything, but every time you try you will learn something.
Why is there such madness in our world? Why can't we stop it? Why do we hate others? Tolerance, harmony, compassion, and kindness are the beauty of life.
Wealth is a byproduct of wealth-oriented education, ideas, and thoughts.
Life is like a cooking pot. If you cook something good, you well get something tasty. If you cook something bad, you will get something bad.
Deep down in my heart, I know that I know nothing.
Often a healthy obsession is an essential component of great success.
How much you are able to learn is determined by how much you are involved, how much you participate, and how many actions you take.
Why do we teach our children to hate others when there are so many options to love? Why do we teach hate when kindness, compassion, tolerance, and harmony add such beauty to life?
Dream a little harder and act with wonder.
Your courage to take a risk and your ability to accept responsibility will define you.
To enjoy a beautiful life, always believe in your heart that life is wonderful.
Be a fountain of love and joy so that everyone can see, feel, and enjoy it.
Hope is the flower of the soul. Let it bloom with action and persistence.
It is not always good to be right, but it is always wonderful to be kind
Angels are showing up in our lives as friends. We just have to recognize them.
Christmas teaches us to be loving, kind, giving, forgiving, and appreciating.
During Christmas, open your heart with love to appreciate the beauty of life and all the presents that you have received from the earth.
Deep down in my heart, I am always smiling because life is such a magical, mysterious, and wonderful thing.
Take every moment as a gift of life to enjoy. Stress will melt away to fill your heart with gratitude.
Great habits improve performance and brings great success.
A baby is a beautiful, blooming, flower that can smile, sing, and dance.
My prayer for you is simple. May the power of love be with you. May kindness adorn your heart, and may simplicity find a peaceful place in your thoughts and actions.
To be a great success, you must do two things without fear: love and share.
Niagara Falls is a magnificent fall of dancing, singing, glowing, and flowing liquid love that exists to reconnect broken hearts.
You may not need to try to change. Just wait and it will happen.
The philosophy of life is the ultimate of finest thoughts that reflects yourself and your outlook about the world.
Let us dance in the rain to enjoy the rainbows and to get lost in the beauty of nature.
In the distant golden sunset sky, a magnificent rainbow is opening wings to fly.
Be that loving person you want to love.
Appreciation is a better stimulant than money. Money boosts the ego while appreciation touches the soul.
Life is an opportunity to find a friend and to be a friend.
A baby is a symbol of peace, a plot of dreams, a light of hope, and a bundle of joy.
I am so busy loving life, I have no time to hate.
Life is too short. I forgive and forget. I have not time to get mad or hate.
I love and enjoy every moment. Is there anything more beautiful that I could do with that moment?
To conquer anxiety, love everything and fear nothing.
Stress often comes from speed. So slow down, be simple, enjoy the profound beauty of the little flowers.
Life is an opportunity to be who you truly are.
Life is an opportunity to sing the song of love.
I am not the Messiah. I am a simple human being with the unlimited power of love and kindness.
Stress comes from unknown fear. To reduce stress, love what you do and be who you are.
Go ahead. Enjoy the hills and valleys, days and nights, and all the beauty of life.
The most important things to know in life are how to love unconditionally and how to be happy.
Only my heart can see your love and only my soul can feel your touch.
When you fall in love, your heart blooms like a flower and your soul transforms and transcends like a butterfly
Democracy is good, but it is not good for an uneducated dogmatic society. Often, that society does not know how to choose wisely.
Keep the window of the mind open to let the fresh thoughts come in like fresh air.
You are magnificent and unique. Love yourself and stay unique and you will beautify this world with your unique art of life.
Turn your failure into a fairy tale of success and triumph.
My wish for you is that your life will always be filled with an abundance of love, joy, and wonderful, amazing moments.
Think independently and critically, but never forget to think with understanding and love.
To learn why a country or society is developed or poor, don't study their financial condition but do a psychoanalysis of them. Most often, the development of a country or society depends on thoughts and ideas and not on their financial condition.
When you fall in love, waves of joy fill your dreams and become your reality while your realities become your dreams.
How much you love yourself will define how much others will love you.
Avoid judging others by trying to understand others and their concepts of love and care.
Knowing the question is more important than knowing the answer. It makes you curious, lets you think, and helps you to understand and open your mind.
You never actually solve a problem. You just become a better person by understanding it in a better way. Then it ceases to be a problem for you.
When we blindly accept an idea, a thought, or a dogma, we become blind.
It is not difficult to learn a new idea, but it is almost impossible to unlearn an old one.
You are responsible for your choices, and your choices define who you are.
To achieve greatness, we must overcome the fear of failure and dare to take great risks.
To create greatness, give away your life for the success of others.
The door of opportunity is always open, but you have to find the door to enter.
Remember that everything that is happening around you, good or bad, is in some way conspiring to help you.
You can change a life by touching someone with simple, beautiful, kind, words and a loving smile.
A glint of intention initiates the process of creation.
To begin again, every failure provides experience and opens the door of opportunity.
Ideas are the seeds of invention and actions are the fertilizers.
Let pure love be your guide and never let your heart burn.
Innovations are the magnificent elevators of a transformational life.
Accept obstacles as a strength building exercise on the way to success.
Actions can let you fail or let you succeed. Either way it will never fail to give you experience which is much more important than success or failure.
Positive expectations create a positive life.
Sing just to express your love for life and everything around you. No reason is needed to sing.
Most suffering comes from the failure to adapt and a resistance to change.
Life is the most amazing game. Play hard with a deep love so that you may enjoy it.
It is the uncertainty of life that fills life with magnificence and beauty.
Be kind to express your love for life. No reason is needed to be kind.
A positive life is a gift of positive thoughts.
Music is the language of the soul. It touches our deepest perceptions of being. Everyone understands music in his or her own way. Even animals understand music and respond to it with deep appreciation and love.
Be bold. Be not fearful. Take actions. Action is real. Results requires interpretation and depends on perception.
Innovation has beauty in it. The speed of innovations is getting faster and faster. Remember that ideas are the seeds of innovation.
Life is exciting because of uncertainty. Certainty make it very dull and boring.
You can cover the wrinkles of age by becoming more cheerful and enthusiastic.
I compete every moment, and my competition is only with myself.
The secret of happiness is to be loving, cheerful, and appreciative.
A joyful mind is a beautiful mind.
Life is about finding yourself in the magnificence of life.
Love others as much as you can, as often as you can, and as deeply as you can. Never forget to love yourself.
Lately silence is my song of love.
When you are busy with living your life, age can never find you to make her mark.
Relentless enthusiasm keeps us young.
Anyone who is forgetting to love is growing older. Anyone who is learning to fly with the wings of love are growing younger.
You may not stop getting older, but you can paint your world with the vibrant colors of love to keep feeling younger.
You are a sweet ocean of love. Invite everyone to come to your shore to feel the joy of life.
Life is so magnificent! How can I grow old?
Life is so short, transient, and beautiful that there is not enough time to get old.
Let us grow together, not to become older, to love each other better.
If you fall into troubles, it is not that you did something wrong. It is because the universe wants to prepare you for a better life by making you strong.
Others are responsible for their actions toward you, but you are responsible for your reactions. Always be considerate and kind with your actions.
Appreciate more to attract more,Feel more to understand more.Give away more to get more.Love more to live more.
When you appreciate anything or love anything, you attract it with the universal force of attraction.
It is not our external actions that attract others, but it is the actions of our imaginations, visualizations, and subconscious minds that attract others.
In the fountain of youth, love is the water and enthusiasm is the power.
Enthusiasm can keep the fountain of youth flowing.
We attract others with our persistent thoughts and our attractive power of love.
May the light of your love have enough power to extinguish all the darkness from the world.
I don't want to write a book which will bring me fame for just an hour. I will try to write something which may not be very popular but it may last forever.
May the light of your love enlighten the whole world.
How much you can love others without expectations will define who you are.
You are nothing but your consciousness. That consciousness is universal.
Everyone comes into your life to fulfill a purpose of their life. So help them with love, kindness, and care.
Nothing but your choices define your true intelligence.
Wherever mom is, there is my heart and my home.
You can't escape the existential suffering of life as long as you are living. So get used to it.
My mother was the greatest philosopher. I am nothing but a reflection of her imagination.
Your life can be a great success or it can be a disaster. Be careful with the choices you make.
Anger is a fire of resentment which will burn the bearer and not the receiver.
I lived with my mother for only a short time. Even though I left, she is always surrounding me with her love.
The most loving, soft, and sweetest word in the world is Mom.
Life is an unknown game, and every day you play on a new field.
Be a leader with a ladder, not a boss with an order.
The most comfortable place on earth is the arms of a mother.
Mom means miracles of a magical life.
Just smile and feel happy.
I smile and shed tears of joy when I see someone being kind to others.
Your tears proves that you are an emotional human being; love, joy, sadness and misery touches you deeply.
I often cry, not from sadness, from the joy of the miraculous beauty of life.
Trust the earth and believe that something amazing is always waiting just for you. So be awesome!
How ignorant can you be to hurt another person? You cannot hurt someone else without hurting yourself first.
You can never die. With death, you transform and transcend.
In the deep dark silence, my mind dances with the moonlight and feels the joy of this precious ephemeral life.
A simple journey creates a peaceful life.
Be simple enough to feel the true joy of life.
Always care about value-not about price.
A good attitude is the best attire.
A genuinely caring heart always find kindness and happiness to share.
Now you may hear songs of kindness From every singing bird And from every dancing heart Let kindness be the part of your being
When you love others unconditionally and care for others endlessly, you create a blissful life.
Be not a person only, be a message to the world.
It is a smile of a baby that makes life worth living.
A person is neither right or wrong-- there is only a right attitude and a right interaction.
Doors of opportunity are always open around you-you just have to find them.
Never criticize, complain or condemn. Never forget to appreciate with love what is good in a person.
Criticism always produces negative reactions, but appreciation always creates positive actions.
To feel the joy of life, welcome everyone with a smile.
Don't make your journey toward success a competition-make it a love affair.
You will never realize how precious a baby is until she keeps you awake through the whole night.
A mind is not a barren field, but it is an ever-growing and ever blooming garden of love.
It is not your mouth that sings. It is your mind and heart that sing.
If your joy of life depends on something or someone, then you are not enjoying your life. You are enjoying the person or the thing.
To be a successful doer, be a dreamer.
Love is such a nice way to express your thoughts.
It all began with one small shy smile.
Treat yourself like someone who is amazingly special. You are special!
This world is your mirror. Wherever you go, you see a reflection of your thoughts.
Art is a song of the soul that is sung by the light of the heart with the color of emotion and appreciation.
You are the owner and controller of the most powerful engine with the potential to win all wars of life-it is your ever changing mind.
By changing-we become what we always wanted to be.
In the mirror you see the reflection of your face. In the world you see the reflection of your thoughts.
Not knowing that I am in the ocean of love, I am swimming to reach the island of love.
The most mysterious attractive power is the power of your kindness.
Only you can see what your mind is prepared to see.
When you have learned to love and control yourself, then you become the master of yourself.
The highest form of wisdom comes from deep observation, kind realization, and curious actualization.
I would rather be kind than wise.
Wisdom is the ultimate source of kindness and happiness.
Kindness is true wisdom-not cleverness.
When someone can love without judging, he is truly wise.
Let us try to heal the mind first before we heal the body.
As a physician, I try to heal the mind before healing the body. That's why most of my patients get better even before they start any medication.
The best thing you can do in life is to love unconditionally and endlessly.
Life begins when you learn that life is an opportunity.
Be like the moon-reflect lights of love from within.
People don't commit suicide. They get lost in darkness because they can't find any lights of hope.
Being inspired by a great personality is not enough. You have to take actions to succeed.
Find yourself, who are you?Choose yourself, who can you be?Define yourself to find your destination.
To be strong, find strength within yourself.
Either enjoy happiness or enjoy misery. The choice is yours.
Every morning is a big, bright, window that opens just for you to fill your life with the light of joy.
If you wholeheartedly expect success, it will happen.
To understand the universe, look deep into your heart.
When you give without expectations, your soul dances and sparkles with deep inner joy.
I follow three rules: find the opportunity to love and love endlessly, be kind to all and rude to none, and serve others with care and know that service is joy.
To improve your being, appreciate yourself for simplest of reasons.
To enjoy the freshness of life, be simple like water.
Only the great power of love can make you great.
Never forget to express your gratitude for the gift of life.
Trust yourself, and remember you are a miracle.
To increase the value of your day, add some love and gratitude to your coffee and some kindness to your dinner.
Dear Moon, Slowly enlighten my heart with your lovely, silvery, dancing, miraculous light.
Actions transform a dream into reality-not hope.
An eagle can catch a fish in the ocean of impossibility because he pursues and focuses on only one fish.
If you are expecting something in return for your love, you are not loving truly.
All love began with a tingling in the heart and a beautiful small smile.
To find yourself, be yourself. To get lost in yourself, love yourself unconditionally.
Life is wonderful so love deeply.  Life is short so live it intensely.
To feel the pure joy of life, donate yourself for the betterment of others.
To be the love, dissolve into love.
Love not for a reason but as if it is your ultimate purpose and passion.
The power of habits is the stepping stone on the stairs of life.
A kiss is a moment of quantum leaps, a moment of shared joy, and a moment of bliss.
A loving heart is a magical magnet for magnificence.
To understand the song of life, listen to the melody of wind and ocean and watch the dance of waves and water.
The highest form of wisdom is to be simple and live in the beauty of love.
Just love-it is the best thing you can do with your life.
You are amazing! That is your secret.
To create happiness all around, be loving to all.
Life is nothing but an opportunity to love.
To create a kind society, be kind to all.
Even though we express emotions and feel motion, life is nothing but a dream and a magical illusion.
To fill life with joy, smile with love.
I am not me. I am not my body. I am my love, my kindness, and my service.
Whenever you hurt someone, you bring torment into your own life.
Gratitude has the power to fill your heart with love and your life with abundance.
Five rules to follow to be a great leader: 1. Be curious. 2. Serve others. 3. Be purpose oriented. 4. Be adaptive.  5. Be positive.
When you touch the moon with beloved eyes, you behold a glimpse of an amazing life.
Confidence is the most reliable currency of life.
If you can find happiness inside of you, nothing will be able to create angst in your mind.
Kindness is silent, but it speaks louder than a voice.
Learning to be complex is easy, but learning to be simple is most difficult.
Be curious, be inspired.
Many people are not conforming with theism, but they are comfortable with spiritualism.
We often know information but not the epistemology of that information.
Knowing the answer is knowledge and knowing the question is wisdom.
Defined purpose oriented actions, not actions, are the attributes of success.
Your value is based on how much and how deeply you can love others without any expectations of a return.
Everything that you can touch with pure love belongs to you.
Don't let your outer pain, misery, and suffering touch your inner calmness and happiness.
Nothing holds you back more than fear of failure.
If you have nothing, don't worry. You still have a smile and love to win the world.
Smile in such a nice way that you introduce yourself.
Stop focusing on how miserable you are and focus on how many opportunities you have to get better.
The presence of a good friend brings big smiles.
Your most important task is not to achieve a goal but it is to improve yourself every day.
Let the seeds of hope sprout in the dead of winter.
You are rich if your heart is filled with an abundance of love.
Let it go and live in the moment with joy.
If someone hates you, secretly they are admiring you. They deserve you love and not your hate.
Don't wait for a reason to feel the joy. Life is for joy.
With love, when you let it go, life finds the ways and means to grow.
Love, just to love. Don't wait for a reason to love. That is selfishness.
A day becomes gloomy if there are no smiles. Smile to light up the world!
Ah, life, you make us suffer to love you more.
Fear is natural, but love is eternal. Never be fearful of love.
You may forget to eat, but you may never forget to smile and love.
Failure is part of life, but surrender is the end of life.
You are prettier than you can imagine.
See life as if it is a miracle, and will find that it is indeed a miracle!
The best wisdom is knowing not to judge anyone and to be kind to everyone.
I often want to drink a cup of moonlight so that I may calm my heart and soothe my mind.
Be awesome! Be calm and magnificent like the moon.
Use your love to change the world, but never change your love for any reason.
Life is like an echo; if you love life, it loves you back.
I love the moon as if she stole my heart.
The worst enemy in life is resentment.
Do what is right not what is convenient.
Be to believe, feel to love, and create to inspire.
Start every morning by drinking a cup of love, and you will enjoy the day and love everyone.
A poet adds the awe factor to our ordinary perceptions.
The ultimate way to reduce stress is find the cause and melt it away with love.
You're the most beautiful and delightful moon in my sky.
The smile of a child is the inspiration for the future.
Be awesome! Be the cause of someone's smile.
A smile is a language of love which everyone can understand.
When someone criticizes you, give them two gifts- your smile and a compliment.
If you are alive, then you have a reason to smile.
Forget to criticize, but never forget to enjoy criticism.
Whatever you want to be, it is okay with me as long as you never forget to be happy.
Without love and forgiveness, how could there be happiness?
Every morning, sweeten your coffee with some love and you will sweeten your day with happiness.
Knowing the why is vastly more important than knowing the how.
When you share your truth and your thoughts, you color the universe with your heart.
Love everyone; trust everyone. You might get hurt, but don't fear because a lover has no fear.
Every morning you begin a new day, and it is the first day of the rest of your life.
If you ever want to love someone, love yourself unconditionally first.
Live simply, laugh joyfully, love tremendously, and leave silently.
Love yourself first to fill your heart with bliss. Now give it away with humility, love, and gratitude.
Dreaming is good, but without taking actions, a dream is just hope.
The smell of the ocean, southern breeze, blue sky, and the gentle sound of dancing waves make me sing the song of love.
Dance with the waves of sea and sing with the sky,touch the sands with love and let your mind fly high.
Even though we know we have to let you go, our hearts are singing the song no- no- no. We can't let you go.
Just like the waves of the ocean, my heart is singing the song of endless, eternal, sadness, joy, and love.
Life is nothing but a sea shell in the ocean of love.
An ocean does not know how big she is just like you don't know how loving and amazing you are.
We are born in the ocean of love and we love the ocean and her touch so much.
I like to hug you like the waves hug the shore with songs of joy and then in your chest I want to die.
You may not need to tell me, I can hear your song better when your voice is silent and your heart is singing.
Let your actions be the answer to criticism.
Let your actions, not your words, be an inspiration.
After death, I will lose my opportunity to complain so I will accept everything with love.
This world is as beautiful as your thoughts are.
Poverty will leave you when you are ready to welcome opportunities.
Never disagree, agree to reach the destination in a different way.
It is that little bit of extra attention that makes all the difference.
If you understand the desire of a blooming flower, you will be able to understand the meaning of life.
When someone comes to you, let them feel like they are in your universe where they belong.
Babies smile without any reason. Be like a baby.
The ultimate purpose of life is to live it with profound love, joy, and happiness.
Beliefs are many but truth is one.
Always remember that we are here to be kind, loving, and forgiving. We are here to enjoy the abundant ecstasy of life.
You become great when you are eager to find and nourish greatness in the hearts of others.
Love finds beauty in the midst of ugliness and makes the journey of life worthwhile.
Live for possibilities. Live with passion and purpose.
Our life is nothing but expression of our deepest thoughts.
Pursuit of truth, not success, is the ultimate purpose of an illuminated life.
Never compromise your perceptions and truth to validate the perceptions of others.
Truth is the flower of adversity.
Always remember that most truths are comparative and not absolute.
What you can believe with your heart is your truth.
Philosophy is the abstract art of thoughts and perceptions that form colors of words and languages that paint the canvas of our minds.
Truth hides behind the curtain of illusion. We often get lost in illusion and forget to find the truth.
Truth has no duality.
How you treat an animal often shows your true color.
Am I an illusion?
There is no fact or fiction, reality or illusion, there is only the trick of perception.
Only non-judgmental love can set you free-not truth.
The best way to relieve stress is to trust yourself.
Poets create a beautiful blue sky where you can fly with wings of imagination and find yourself again and again.
You can never hide your attitude so be generous. Always show your best attitude and life will be beautiful.
To change your life just accept and adjust. What else can you do?
If you love without judging anyone, you create your own heaven on this magnificent earth.
May the gift of gratitude and power of attention be with you always
Being creative, joyful, happy, and beloved are the ultimate purposes of a profound life.
Don't fall in love because it is slippery, fall in love to find yourself.
After winter, spring never forgets to come.
Fear grows in the darkness of the mind. It vanishes with the light of knowledge like the morning mist.
Love and kindness are the universal language of all creation.
It is not the lack of commitment that destroys marriages, it is the lack of purpose.
It may not be important what you say, but it is very important who you are.
Life will fulfill your expectations.
Fantastic ideas often come from fantasy.
Roots never get the appreciation that a flower does, but that doesn't make them envious.
In the center of my being, I am floating with the waves of time in the ocean of light.
In darkness, remember that the sun never forgets to rise with her morning smile.
Listen in silence to the whisper of the winds so that you may understand the song of your heart.
Let the beauty of love bloom like a flower, and then welcome everyone you meet with that flower.
Why do you stay in the prison of stress when keys are in your hand?
Dream as you desire. Prepare to live as you dream.
Love others to make them feel better and so that you see yourself in the mirrors of their eyes.
Let your mind dance with me. Let it be, just for a moment, stress free.
Be generous like the ocean with your love. Let the whole world enjoy the abundance.
Everything that happens around and within us is a reflection of our thoughts, imaginations, and actions.
When we are kind to animals, they become loving and kind to us. It is our sacred duty to love the creator and the creations.
Your true abilities will reveal themselves when you are in a time of trouble.
The fire of love is the best purifier.
You can never hurt anyone without hurting yourself. Never hurt an innocent, loving, and kind animal.
Life is going on even if you are not on the train.
It is difficult to live without judging others. If you have to judge, then judge with love.
If you don't know your destination, how will you get there?
We often learn to just earn dirty paper and forget to gain the wisdom needed to earn a life.
The fear of failure is worse than the failure itself. So be bold and courageous.
Most powerful is he who never cared for power.
To be a fantastic writer, live in your dreams and imaginations where you can dance like a peacock, swim like a shark, and fly like a butterfly. Live where reality has no power to change you.
I am a flower on the tree we call the universe. My mind is dancing with joy like butterfly.
We exist just to feel the joy of life.
Time is on its eternal journey at the same time it is motionless, emotionless and standing still.
Life is a journey of astonishing beauty, and this is what makes life worth living.
It is not money that is important, it is life that is important and precious.
With profound love, kindness, and harmony trees are endlessly extending their blessings. That is why we are still living.
Time never changes-we change. We complain that time is the culprit which forces us to change.
Our most important problem is that we can talk to express our thoughts.
By loving more, you let your love live forever. The more you love, the more love you will have to give away.
The role of a philosopher is to create a better way for the future generations.
On your journey, you will find a wondrous station called life; relax and enjoy the hospitality and beauty.
Only when you are able to hear the songs of a tree will you be able to understand the magnificence and magic of life.
Forget and forgive your past. Focus on your future, but never forget to act at the present moment.
When you help someone to become a success, you unknowingly become a success.
We are forgetting to live in this world because we are always getting ready to live in the next world.
This universe is a dancing stage for consciousness.
You are only a poor person if you are not happy with what you have.
What is life for? Life is for love.
A life worth living is a life search for joy.
Fear stagnation not adventure.
There is nothing wrong or right, only our thoughts make it so.
How lucky we are! We are singing our songs, dancing our dances, and living our lives.
Don't fear! Take care of revenge and hatred by hitting the haters with love and kindness.
Respect everyone if you want to be respected.
Treat everyone with profound respect, love, and kindness.
Life is a dance of consciousness.
To be respected, respect others.
Escape from the cage of beliefs Spread the wings of love, Now fly in your sky of imagination.
Life is too short to enjoy all the beauties of life.
What begins will eventually end. The gap between is life.
A true friend accepts you as you are.
Never forget to be kind when you have to be critical.
Everyone can understand music which is the universal language of love and kindness.
My thoughts are the dance of my consciousness on the stage of my mind.
An imaginative mind is a place where you can find magic.
The vastness of your imagination depends on the level of your consciousness, the power of your awareness, and the deepness of your perception.
In silence, I hear the music of your heart.
We may not control a situation, but we can control our responses and actions.
The morality of a society is often dangerous and very unethical.
We often fear to say what is true. Our tongues are tied by the beliefs of the society.
When death is the ultimate destination for all of us, why are we not enjoying our lives?
Integrity is a virtue which defines the depth of life.
I always wonder how to measure how beautiful life is.
I'd like to tie you down tight with my love because you stole my precious heart.
O my beloved! Wherever I am, I am with you always because you are always in my heart.
Love is more than love, it is the ultimate passion and power.
Let our hearts always sing the song of love.
To enjoy and appreciate the beauty of a dazzling spring, I save winter in my warm heart.
You may not be able to find love, but if you give, you will get it back in return.
Getting angry is like burning yourself with other people's fires. Let us stop it by being kind and forgiving like water.
A true sage is simple like a child.
A great sage is like a tree, he lives just to help others, just to make this world beautiful.
To reach the pinnacle of success, you have to cross the treacherous valleys of failures and discontent.
A truly happy person is he who is happy without any reason.
Life continues to flow even if you want to stop for a moment.
Stop rushing. Slow down and enjoy the beauty of life.
When nothing is possible, then do the impossible.
True love has her own language.
Some people enjoy life-others just survive.
Now I am going to fly toward the unknown with the wings of my love.
It is not beauty that makes you strong--it is adversity.
Life is too magnificent to complain.
No one is too old to begin again.
Don't let the opinions of others interfere with your true perception.
It takes courage to fail.
Shine like the sun in darkness.
Speed is dangerous if your direction is wrong.
Turn an impossibility into an exciting reality.
Whatever you do, stay in love.
When you meet someone, never forget to give them two important presents: your love and your smile. It will cost you nothing.
You are my sunshine on a dark dreary day.
The saddest thing in life is to die without living.
When you are in love, you are in an aura of aplomb in the midst of adversity.
Wisdom is creating your own opinion. Everyone else is following someone else's opinion.
To be good, see goodness in everyone.
The best music I have ever heard is the sound of my daughter's giggling.
In reality, what we call spirit is our universal consciousness.
We have many goals, but only one ultimate purpose of life. That purpose is to be happy.
When I say that we are spiritual beings that means that every human being has a universal consciousness. That universal awareness is our spirit, but we have different mindsets. Mind is a creation of society.
Spirituality believes in oneness and universal consciousness.
You will get what you want, but you have to expect it with your open heart.
In the thunder of life, without your light, I often lost my way.
When I found you, I found my world where I can get lost without any reason.
The hardest thing to do in life is to be yourself.
The best way to create a future is to set a goal and take action.
The heart may not always be practical, but it is always right.
If you ever feel the need of my love, just open the window. My heart will always be there.
Getting angry is like burning yourself with other people's fires. Let is stop by being kind and forgiving like water.
When I started to live in simplicity my life became peaceful, joyful, and blissful.
Empty your life from the baggage of the past so you may enjoy the beauty of the present.
I don't want to tell you how much I love you. I just want to feel it deep in my heart.
I love you like a guitar loves hands. The strings of my heart will never sing without your touch.
Burn yourself with the fire of love to enjoy the fiery, burning beauty of love.
Get lost in love to find the ecstasy of love.
Let me not fear adversity.
You are nothing but what you think. That is existentialism.
Love is such a beautiful way to walk on with life.
You can never fill your life with prosperity if you walk with a poor person's mentality.
Unhappiness is complicated and has many different causes, but happiness is simple and has only one reason.
Whenever I have doubt, I often use epistemological methods or dialectic methods to come to a rational conclusion.
To feel worthy, value others.
People fall in love with you not because they admire you, it is because they found their desires inside of you.
Life is a one-way journey toward the unknown. So make it an exciting awesome adventure.
Even though we don't realize it, every moment we begin our adventure in the unknown future of life.
Never ever work! Do everything for fun. Remember, life is for joy!
When you told me, You are my star, my heart danced with joy because that was the best sentence that I have ever heard.
To fill your life with joy and happiness, the greatest gift that you can give is love and kindness. Wishing you a memorable birthday!
I wish you a vivacious day of love, laughter, and joy. Have an awesome birthday!
May your birthday be as pleasant and awesome as you always are.
Where a mediocre mind finds adversity, a great mind finds great opportunity.
Close your eyes. Now see the world with your mind, and feel the joy of your magnificent life.
When you give without expectations, you feel that joy is rushing through you like the spring breeze caressing a newly blooming flower.
An artist sees not only the thing, but he also hears its inner voice.
A beautiful idea can give you immortality-not success or money.
You can never win resentment with an argument-only love can do that.
You are a living, breathing magnet, and love is your magnetic power.
Poetry is an art that uses words to paint vivid pictures of perceptions and emotions.
I may not be able to help you as much as I want, but I promise I will help you as much as I can.
Be kind to be awesome.
Music is the most beautiful magic which can mesmerize everyone.
A poet has a sacred duty. He has to hear unsung songs and see unseen beauty.
For a poet reality is mysterious, imaginations are magical, and perceptions are magnificent.
Appreciate every moment because this moment is your precious life.
You are a living magnet with magnetic power emitting from your every thought.
Decorate your birthday with love and memories not with years.
Love is the language of life and all others are transient epi-phenomena. Like a fish, we are swimming in the ocean of love. We are so busy seeking love that we don't realize we are swimming in love.
I do not want anything on this earth except the warmth of your pure love.
True expectations never ever go unnoticed. So expect happiness and expect abundance.
Today you have added another candle of knowledge and wisdom to your life. May it give you the power to enlighten the whole world. On your birthday, I wish you joy and happiness.
Music can touch and heal that secret wound of the soul which nothing else can reach.
Music can heal the wounds which medicine cannot touch.
A mother is the most important blessing of your life.
Oh! You are a woman! You are the pure reflection of my mother, sister, and daughter. I can never hurt you.
Today is a special day for you and for the universe. Today you started your life's journey and the universe got a precious gift and that is you. I am wishing you a day of joy to fill your life with pleasant surprises.
I love you as my shadow loves me.
Love all, trust all, and help all. Know that no one can hurt you without your permission.
It is not very important where you are, but where your thoughts are taking you is important.
Determine your destination, choose a path, now with all your heart start going there.
Babies are living dolls with dancing smiles that come from the stars to still our hearts.
It is not the beauty of nature, but it is our dream-filled actions that create our futures.
This is the time to love. This is the time to forgive. This is the time to ponder. This is the time to wonder.
The heavenly sound of music kindles my heart, twinkles my mind, and feeds my soul so that I may transcend and transform.
Nothing more than action speaks for love and passion.
I like to love you as the moon loves the night. I only like to exist and feel my presence when you are with me.
To brighten your vision, look at the positive side of life with great love.
Dare to try the impossible.
Trust your instincts. Follow your heart.
Music made me kinder. Music made me a lover.
Music opens the window of the soul to let the nectar of life come in.
Wishing you a bucket of love and joy today and always.
The best way to transform a society is to empower the women of that society.
A woman is a symbol of nature; she has the beauty to attract and empower, the passion and compassion to create and nurture, and the power of love to transpire and transform.
Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer.
I feel you not only on Valentine's day but with every breath of everyday.
Never hurt a woman because she is someone's mother or will be someone's mother. Could you hurt your mother?
Every morning the sun rises to fill your life with magnificent colors and joyful nights.
To find the meaning of life, enjoy the journey, the beauty of the nature, the glint of a dew drop, the warmth of the morning sun, the songs of the wind, and smiles of flowers. These are all there to make your journey worthwhile and make your life meaningful.
An investment in self-development pays the highest dividends.
Oh my Valentine! I was waiting for you next to my wide open window just as a flower bud waits for the spring air to bloom.
Anxiety does not take away stress; it just enhances it. If you accept changes with optimism and love, anxiety will melt away.
When you smile, a bird finds her wings to fly.
Close your eyes to see the world with your imaginative mind.
Life is about happiness-not about success.
Invest your capital of love to get the best dividend of a beautiful life filled with happiness.
The morning sunshine brings the message that life is so bright and beautiful that the darkness of night has no power to hide it.
Life is a flowing river. We came from earth and water. We will go back there after the magic of life.
A woman is soft, kind, and loving. When you are in danger, she is always ready to sacrifice herself to save you. So never forget to respect her.
You shouldn't expect a positive outcome when you have a negative thought process. Only positive thoughts can create positive results.
Before giving up, try hard.
If you know the secret of life, you will never think negatively.
To enjoy more, wonder more and smile more.
The best thing that you can have is an abundance of love and plenty of kindness.
Life becomes boring when it has no destination or purpose.
Flowers bloom in the tranquility of love with a beautiful desire for the well-being of the earth.
We are born and reborn again and again. We are changing with the waves of time.
Like the sun, start each day with a smile.
Dance on the stage of life with love in your heart, a smile on your face, and a great vision in your mind.
I want to be born and reborn as a cherry tree so that I may beautify this world with my blossoms, feed everyone with my nectar of love fruits, and purify the air with my calmly dancing leaves.
Just feel the joy of life.
Richness does not exist in being wealthy, richness exists in having abundance in life.
The smile is the most beautiful ornament that you can wear.
Fly with wings of love.
Gaze upon others with eyes of love.
To find love, be loving first.
A sign of gratitude is a thankful smile.
Never lose your curious mind.
Forgive yourself and you will be happy. Forgive everything and you will be happiest.
I hope for happiness for you.
Seek opportunities to help and you will be a success
Excellence is not an event but a habit.
Success is a purposeful journey with ups and downs. It is not only about an accumulation of money.
Adversity gives life the thrill of adventure.
My kiss is my promise written in my heart with color of your love.
A flower is a gift of love from the universe given to you. So cherish it, enjoy it with a full blissful heart.
Hope opens the door of opportunity and shines the way to possibilities.
I promise you that I will steal your heart and keep it in the prison of my love forever.
When you anxiously await to emerge from deep darkness, you will realize the beauty of light.
Don't wait for opportunity in front of a closed door-wander until you find the open one.
Kiss me with love like a butterfly kisses flowers to find and taste the nectar of life.
Hope is the boat we ride to reach the shore of our desires.
Love is the most potent drug used to seduce anyone.
Trust the perception not the presentation.
Life is nothing but a few ecstatic dancing atoms.
Before hurting anyone, especially those who cannot protect themselves, feel their pain with your heart. Take care of them as your little child.
I may not know you, but I don't see any difference between you and me. I see myself in you; we are one.
You may be born thousands of years from now, but over the boundaries of time I am sending you my love and wishing you a joyful and wonderful life.
The secret to living is loving.
Treat life as if it is the best gift from the universe.
Hello! Look at me! I am your reflection.
We cannot measure time. We can only measure changes of life and the universe.
Never forget the prime purpose of your life.
Negative actions cannot create a positive life.
Only positive thoughts can inspire you to positive actions.
Choose to be in love!
For success, choice is more important than action.
At the end of our lives, nothing remains except memories.
Just enjoy the music of life.
Forgiveness is the best tonic for heart.
Your smile shines like the morning sun.
Your love is my diamond that I want to wear near my heart. Your hug is my heaven where I want to belong always.
With an open mind, you are the imagination of universal consciousness and the creation of the subconscious mind that wanders throughout the universe.
A hug is a priceless gift of love and kindness.
Love is a magical power. If love is not a living magic, then what is?
We often participate in a war only to lose our hearts and to gain a few pieces of land.
When you are in love nothing matters except the bliss of love.
It may be inevitable that mankind has to suffer so that it may gain experience to transcend and transform her collective consciousness.
Blindly believing something often comes from societal conformity which is a sign of a lack of deep knowledge and imaginative consciousness.
In my imagination, I can feel your presence. I can feel the warmth of your passionate hug. I can hear your sweet voice. I can hear the song of your beating heart.
Don't feel shy-kiss. Kiss just to feel the joy of life and to get lost in the beauty of love.
Mankind is nothing but a playground of consciousness.
Your love is the light that will drive away all the darkness that surrounds you.
Forget yourself. Live for others. You will find your bliss.
Life is magical for a lover.
Life is a magical melody.
It is very difficult to break free from the prison of conformity and fixed false beliefs without changing our level of consciousness and awareness.
We are barely conscious. With a higher consciousness we can open the door between infinite possibilities.
You may not find the opportunity to succeed, but you can always find the opportunity to serve. Then serve to succeed.
Consciousness resides in the gap between electrons, protons, and neutrons.
Your state of consciousness defines your state of mind and your state of happiness.
In order to achieve a higher consciousness, one must get lost in love.
Find an opportunity to serve and success will be yours.
Learning how to transcend consciousness to a higher consciousness is a blissful journey and the ultimate essence of life.
We fill our lives with meaning by serving endlessly and by learning to transcend our consciousness to a higher consciousness.
A kiss is a flower of love, a sweet song of two hearts, and a memory of eternal desires.
Love with passion. Love for no reason.
Find someone who loves you enough to forgive you for all of your mistakes.
If you know the power of your thoughts, you would never fear failure.
When you love yourself endlessly, you will find that the whole world loves you too.
Am I a prisoner of my thoughts?Am I a prisoner of my societal conformity?Who am I?How conscious am I?Am I conscious or obnoxious?
Let the sunrise of every morning bring you the light of love and joy.
Falling in love is very easy, but staying in love is very difficult.
Find your life's purpose and dare to pursue it.
A starry night moon looks at you with admiration because in her eyes you are a star.
Lose your self to find yourself.
If you want to see magic, love someone and see the magical transformation.
Oh my darling! Burn my heart again and again with the fire of your love.
Fly in the sky of imagination to find the true solution.
You are the prettiest flower in the garden of my love. As the moon longs for the night, my heart longs for your heart.
You are always free when you have the ability to think.
Why do you think that you are weak when you are blessed with the power of love?
Oh my dear! I think about you always and miss you forever.
Why is my perception right? If it is wrong, then what is right?
We evaluate, measure, and describe this world from our own point of view, but how does a tree see the world?
I have no money, but my wallet is overflowing with love.
When you try hard to find happiness for other, you will unknowingly find yourself on the island of happiness.
Life loses its meaning when you forget your purpose.
Paint your life with the colors of kindness so that you may find the true bliss of happiness.
Forgiveness reveals the ultimate beauty of life.
Forgive everyone. Forgive every misery and misfortune with love.
If you know the brightness of your heart, you will never fear darkness.
Love without judging. Love without reason.
Be kind to him who does not deserve your kindness.
With love, accept everything that life has to offer you. Life will be easy, kind, magnificent, and magical to you.
Do your actions define who you are, or does your purpose define why you are?
I want to rekindle the inner fire that is burning in you. I want it to come out to take away the darkness.
When you write from the heart, it is always beautiful.
Inspiration works well at boiling point.
No one will love you more than you do. So love your self first.
You are not a human being living your life, but you are a spiritual being longing for life.
Past, I am letting you go. Future, I will see you tomorrow. Present, I love you, live in you, celebrate you, and will never let you go.
A single moment of life has more miracles and worth than to live a whole life.
The most powerful force that can transform an enemy into a friend is simple kindness.
An enlightened life can be so powerful that it can illuminate the whole world.
The love and hope that we are born with is what keeps us relentlessly moving toward joy. We get the most happiness from the simplicity of being devoid of wants and needs.
I am longing for you in life and in deathAs the moon is longing for night and life is longing for breath
Life always begins with triumph but tends to end with tragedy.
Be a great artist especially when you draw your life's picture.
Measure your life not by the dimension of your bank account but by the expansion of your kindness and love.
The world is a dangerous place, but there is no better world. Remember every one of us is responsible to make the world a joyful place.
When I see that humanity is suffering, it tears my heart. I cry, and then I extend my hand to help heal my heart.
I dream like a dew drop in the nightThen glitter in the morning sunlightThen it evaporates to embrace the sky
To dream your wildest dream, find your deepest desire.
When you desire to help, you will find a way to do it.
If I dream under a moonlit night, should it vanish with the brightness of the morning sun?
The principle virtue of anyone who made an important invention is curious persistence.
You are a whole lot better today than yesterday.
Be persistent. Success is not far away.
Your ocean of joy in not out there. Find it inside of you and swim there forever.
In your sky, you are the brightest star.Without you light, it's dark like tar.So love yourself to enlighten others.
The sun gave us our eyes to see the beauty of nature, his creation, through his light.
To expand your world, love everyone even when no one is perfect.
The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.
I find joy and magic in every drop of moonlight. I hear songs of love in every glint of a star.
I am not pretty; I am not ugly. I am not true, and I am not false. I am just me-a reality, a conception, and not a misinterpretation.
Dreams come true if we can pursue them by overcoming the fear of failure.
She is like a flower. Her smile illuminates the whole world.
To be as pure and perfect as a flower, you must think and dream like a flower.
Without judging anyone, let us love everyone like a flower.
Her smiles are like the morning sun that illuminates my world.
We are here to enjoy the breathtaking views of life with love.
A goal is important, but what you become to achieve that goal is much more important.
There is no stress. It is a misinterpretation of a situation. Just change your perception and stress will melt away.
Life is a land of opportunity to love, live, and enjoy beauty.
Be bold! Be a success and change the world.
To enjoy the beauty of love, be a big person in this small world.
You have to let go better to embrace the best.
Follow your heart; don't fear changes. With love, the heart changes its content.
You were never born to make money. You were born to enjoy life and be happy. Instead you learned to make money and forgot how to be happy.
I define my journey, I enjoy it too.
You are the creator of your universe, and you are the destroyer of it too.
You are not what you think, but you are the reflection of what you think.
Give away love to be loved.
Be bold. Don't wait. Go ahead.
Our eyes see only that which language can explain, but our hearts see that which is invisible and unexplainable.
Love is a hidden treasure. You never know you have it until someone special reveals it.
Oh my love, I like to vanish in you like a ripple vanishes in an ocean-slowly, silently, and endlessly.
More people die from the hunger of love than from the lack of food.
Marriage is nothing but a commitment to care and share.
Life is magical and blissful when we live to love the beauty of life.
We came to this world to enjoy the magic of love, the beauty of existence, and the joy of life. We did not come to this world to look for money and fame.
Don't fear challenges. They often give us the opportunity to strengthen our courage, faith, and inner strength.
We often focus on what is wrong and complain that nothing is beautiful.
You are a bubble in the ocean of life that has come to enjoy the glints of the morning light.
Next to love, kindness is the most beautiful thing.
Creativity is a flower of love and a light that is eager to enlighten others.
Reality is a perceptual illusion we have accepted as truth.
He who knows how to use the power of love is the most powerful.
The more I love, the more I get lost in love.
Never get angry. If you have to get angry, get angry at yourself and not at others.
Love is the magic, mystery, and the beauty of life.
A friend is someone who accepts you no matter where you are.
It is easy to hold on, but it is difficult to let it go.
Music fills the void between the heart and soul and connects them in heavenly delights.
You fail because you fear. Be bold. Be fearless.
Don't try to smell the flowers without planting them.
Invest in yourself to get the best interest.
Longing for love makes a woman beautiful and beloved.
I believe that life is a beautiful journey to find out the beauty of life.
Kindness is the beauty of the heart and the smiles of the mind.
Never pray for life to be easier, but pray for courage to go on and still enjoy every moment of beauty.
All I wanted to do, ever, was be myself.
A pen, a piece of white paper, and an idea can create a new you.
You have an obligation to this world. That is to love it and make it more joyful.
Love is as abundant and powerful as sunlight. It can enlighten the whole world. Clouds of doubt can hide it temporarily, but it is always there. It can heal you as sunlight, but it can also burn you.
With every sunrise, I rise with joy. My heart dances with love. I begin a new life fresh like a flower.
This universe belongs to those who know how to see, feel, and love the beauty of life and the universe.
To be infinite, lose yourself in infinite love.
Touch your enemies' heart with love. It will bloom flowers of gratitude and joy.
Every heart has a unique story to tell. We just need a mind to listen.
When I am longing for love, every rose is the expression of my soul.
I am in love when I feel that my soul belongs to the universe.
The smile of roses expresses the beauty of the heart.
Attachment is the source of pain, but detachment is the source of joy.
You can never deplete your love by giving it away. Why not give yourself to love?
Music is the language of the heart. It can only sing songs of love.
I failed many times, but I always found myself stronger and wiser.
Forgive the past to welcome the future.
When you do things with love, flowers bloom inside you.
You are a child of love that has come here to live in love and to give away love.
You came from love, to live in love, to give away love, and to become love.
Stagnation is death. With love, accept and welcome changes.
Every rose has poetry in her heart and is eager to tell you when you are in love.
Love is the essence, fragrance, and beauty of life.
You are the seer, you are the scenery, and you are the poetry.
You are the love, the lover, and the beloved.
Whatever fills your heart with joy and fills your mind with love--that is your truth of love.
Don't just talk, act.
Dream the life you desire. Then live it with passion and love.
All good that we do is just for you.
Love makes the journey we call life worthwhile.
To see the magic of life look through the wondrous eyes of a child.
The time you spend loving is the most valuable time of your life.
I don't want fame, money, or duty. I want to close my eyes and see your loving beauty.
Change your thoughts to change your reality.
Kindness is the greatest medicine that can heal all ills.
When I am searching for something, it is always waiting for me with open arms.
Feelings are the language of the heart. Everything else is static noise.
The sun can shine, and it can burn. You can shine your love with a softer power than the sun.
When pain is intense, you are at a climax. You can then see the light of transcendence.
Close your eyes to feel deeply the tranquility and serenity of the mind.
Stop searching and start revealing the treasures that reside inside of your heart.
Failure results from lack of focus and half trust. Success results from complete devotion and utmost trust.
To see the unseen, you must see through the beauty of love.
If you can think it, you can become it.
Measure your life not by years but by adventures.
Life happened in the past. Life will happen in the future, but life is happening at this moment. Live in this moment. Seize this moment!
You can never achieve greatness until you can leave bitterness behind.
To realize your imagination, go with trust in the direction of your destination.
In life, love is not everything, but without love, life is nothing.
The essence of life is love, and that is my wealth and influence.
Explanations can't explain love--only deep perception can do that.
You must love when your eyes are closed and love when your eyes are open. Love endlessly.
Love the dream to live the dream.
Wherever you are, be there with love.
You are the creator of your world.
Life is what you think about it.
There is only one attraction, one law, one power and that is the power of love.
Enlighten every life with love to shine.
The best way to transform ourselves is by transforming our consciousness and awareness.
We become happier by advancing our understanding of life and by finding its endless beauty.
When we are able to realize that life is endless and not ephemeral and that life is transformational and not static-then all fears will vanish from our hearts.
Don't try to understand consciousness. Just try to be deeply conscious and it will reveal its secret to you.
Consciousness is very personal like happiness, sadness, or awareness. You can only feel it and you cannot see it. It does not follow any quantum rules. It has no weight or dimension and does not occupy any space. Consciousness has no beginning and no end.
When consciousness is there, can life be far away?
When we become conscious of love, our hearts dance with joy.
We can solve all problems not by finding solutions, but by transcending consciousness to a new level.
Consciousness is a transformational dynamic force which transforms us by changing our imaginations and perceptions.
Let your thoughts and intentions always be forgiving and loving so that you may bring true peace to mankind.
In deep silence, raise your consciousness. Now feel the profound joy of life.
Discover your level of consciousness. Now be silent and transcend and transform your consciousness.
We are half awake and semi conscious.
Consciousness makes you an unlimited being by giving the power of your imagination.
Your consciousness creates pure potentiality where nothing is impossible.
Self consciousness is the ultimate wisdom of life.
When mankind is drowning in a multitude of problems, swimming is not the solution. The solution is reaching higher ground which is the ultimate salvation.
The universe is eager to kindle in you experiences that will enhance and enlighten your consciousness.
Your level of consciousness depends on your love and understanding of this universe and all its contents.
To enhance your experience and consciousness, your mind is always trying to understand everything that is going on around you.
A flower teaches us how to love.
If you surround yourself with flowers of love, peace, and kindness, you will always find yourself in a garden of joy and happiness.
To enjoy the magic of life, smile with love.
When someone achieves higher consciousness, he or she never dies. They only transform.
Before hurting an animal, feel her pain and see her tears. Then question your conscience.
I wanted to kiss you like the waves kiss the shore under the blue sky.
Friendship grows from a caring heart with sense and sensibilities.
The freshness of a smile and the fragrance of a perfume often define the personality of a woman.
To enjoy the nectar of life, I like to kiss you like a beautiful bee kisses the flower.
A blooming flower pleads, oh thee! Look at me,  to see the beauty, Kiss me like a bee,  To feel the bliss, To taste the nectar of life And just to feel and be. Kiss me like a wave kisses the shore In an endless dancing sea, again and again, just to be.
Think as though the beauty of your life depends on your thoughts. Live as though your life is the portrait of your thoughts.
To fill your heart with love, just love an innocent animal.
To grow the power of an imagination, travel to see the world.
Your thoughts are magnets. You attract what you think, and it becomes your reality.
By seeing the beauty of life, I attract them into my life.
To feel the joy of life, smile with love.
When you smile, you fill the world with joy.
Be good to feel good and to attract good.
Our thoughts make everything possible in this impossible world.
To transform mankind into a joyful garden, let us bloom like a spring flower.
You are the creation of your own consciousness.
The future belongs to those who enhance their level of consciousness and awareness everyday.
If you are looking for true happiness, you have to change your level of consciousness and deepness of awareness.
See the beauty of sunset to enjoy the passion of life.
A wise man never dwells in the past because he knows he belongs to the future.
The greatest gift that you can give anyone is your pure love.
Wherever you go, never forget to be the messenger and cause of happiness.
Be a fountain of love, positivity, kindness, and abundance.
To make this world joyful, let your heart overflow with joy.
Be an advocate of love and kindness.
I am a conduit of happiness and abundance. It comes to me effortlessly so I can give it away with love.
When someone is suffering from anxieties, depression, and stress, the only treatment is to change awareness and consciousness.
You are the ultimate truth of your life. Everything that happens to you depends on you and your thoughts.
My ego is the wall between you and me.
My love always surrounds everyone around me.
Laughter is the most important paradise of life.
Love is the source, power, essence, and evidence of life.
My attitude to you will always be the same no matter if you love me or hate me.
I always feel that everyone loves me so I never forget to love everyone else.
When you smile, you bloom.
Let me get lost in your heart so that I may find myself in the mirror of your mind.
Either plan your life or get ready to get lost.
On this Valentine's Day I like to whisper in your ear the silent songs of my heart.
Only by changing the state of consciousness can we change mankind.
Come, let us learn just to love, just to understand, and just to gain a higher consciousness.
A flower blooms with all of her power and love to give you joy and to beautify this world. Is she conscious, unconscious, or super conscious?
The mind is created when the universal consciousness conforms to societal consciousness.
To achieve a higher consciousness, fill your heart with love and forget to judge, compete, or compare.
The moment the light of your being becomes bright, darkness will melt away to reveal the brightness of your consciousness.
The mind is so powerful that is can suddenly grow wings of imagination and fly in the open sky.
When you gain higher consciousness, your consciousness becomes universal and you become ageless, endless, and universal.
You are the storyteller and the editor of your book of life. So write tales of imagination, tragedy, and adventure and illustrate it with the colors of beauty.
You were born to unlock your consciousness and be universal and infinite.
You are the byproduct of your level of consciousness, thoughts, and actions.
Our every thought reflects our level of awareness, consciousness, and love for this amazing world that we call home.
Our levels of consciousness and awareness define our wants and needs. When we achieve higher levels of consciousness, our wants cease to exist.
Achieving higher levels of consciousness is the ultimate magic of life.
Your subconscious mind is the universal mind with a universal consciousness.
There is no right person or wrong person. They only differ in the level of consciousness.
Two things amaze me the most--the beauty of nature and the power of my thoughts.
You can elevate yourself to a level of higher consciousness simply by changing your thoughts, perceptions, and feelings.
You are an infinite being with infinite love and infinite thoughts.
Your true world is your state of consciousness and awareness where your minds dwells and dances.
Any conscious or unconscious thought, love, or actions will bring more energy in your life.
Uniconsciousness is the ultimate purpose and ultimate essence of a higher consciousness. The knowledge of the ultimate source of life and the ultimate source of non-judgmental love and consciousness can achieve higher consciousness.
The true understanding of life and its purposes comes from an understanding of consciousness.
The level of consciousness defines the level of understanding and awareness.
You enhance the beauty of your life by sharpening your awareness and deepening your consciousness.
There are no separations-only connections. There are no deaths-only transformations.
Like imagination, consciousness has no limits.
Our imagination is bigger than this universe.
You become better not by competing with someone else but by improving your awareness.
True nirvana will come when we enlighten the world of awareness and higher consciousness.
There is no true reality. It is just an interplay of your consciousness, awareness, thoughts, and actions.
Choose to long for love, to live in love, and to be the love so that you can achieve higher consciousness.
A true lover never wants anything but gives with all his heart.
Love life. Live your life with joy so you may fill the world with joy. Let no one leave your presence without feeling the joy of life.
The fire of kindness can melt the most hateful heart.
Don't let anyone's negative thoughts infect your beautiful mind.
Every time you give away love without any expectations, you become richer.
A dog is the most joyful friend that you can have.
Dare to think. You can expand your world by thinking and expanding happiness.
Life begins where needs end.
Genius is an inner inherent intuition and perception. It is not a teachable condition.
Three most important questions for a happy life:How can I help? How can I love? How can I belong?
In this universe, love is the liberating force from the prison of judgment.
As an atom, so is the universe. As is a drop of water, so is an ocean.
The universe is a mirror-if you smile at her, she smiles at you with joy.
Love is a flower of mind.
Smile to be a flower of joy.
Start your day with appreciation and gratitude.
Treat everyone with the sweetness of love and respect.
Enough is never enough.
If your intentions are good, nothing bad can happen.
Happiness only comes when you make yourself worthy of happiness by loving others.
Morality often manifests itself as cruelty, So be very kind before you are moral.
Where there is love, there is abundance.
Oh the beauty of nature! Oh the magical heart touching flower.My heart wants to bloom like you with love, joy, and laughter.
No one is responsible for your inner peace and inner joy except for you.
Happiness is a perception-not a possession.
Today I choose to be kind to all and to do all I can to make this world peaceful.
Oh my love! Your eyes are the mirror of my heart.
I intend to live in the beauty of past memories for I know them the best. At this moment, the future is unknown so it will be an adventure for me.
Feel the kiss of ocean breeze,Hear the song of dancing waveLet your soul fly away with seagullsTo fill the heart with the joy of life.
Two things amazes me the most, the beauty of nature and the power of my thoughts.
My truth could be very different than your truth.
To be ethical, never think of anything unethical. To be moral, never hurt anyone.
With every sunrise, our hearts sing with joy, our minds dance with love, and our lives get energized with new life.
True wisdom often comes from the experience of failure-not from success.
Love is a flower that grows in the garden of mind if we treat it with kindness, compassion, and joy.
All I want is a peaceful place where flowers can bloom, birds can sing, and the mind can fly with joy.
How beautiful it is to have inner peace while knowing that everyone is busy with their own battles in life.
Turn the mess of your life to a message of triumph for the world.
The best Morning Prayer for endless peace would be, Today I will forgive everyone for their mistakes. Today I will love everyone without judging them. Today I will be kind to everyone even if they do not deserve it. Today I will be a fountain of peace to create waves of joy around me.
It is not very difficult to build world peace. We just have to be kind to each other and treat each other with great care.
Burdens of life become lighter when your heart is filled with love and we learn to forgive and forget with profound kindness.
In my imagination, this world is an amazingly beautiful, peaceful, loving and kind.
When you are able to fill your mind with tranquility and inner peace, this world becomes very peaceful.
You may not be able to find peace until you create it inside your forgiving mind.
To forgive is to be free from past resentment to welcome the dawn of peace.
Life is so magical, mysterious, magnificent, and peaceful.
You are truly living when you have inner peace. You are far away from the beauty of life when you are fighting a war.
Learning to forgive is the greatest way to find inner peace.
Today I will fly in the peaceful blue sky with a flight of doves.
The practice of understanding, forgiveness, and love is the best practice for a peaceful world.
Every morning the sun rises to wake you up with a beautiful message of peace.
When the waves of love, extinguish the fire of resentment, then the dawn of peace on earth will begin.
Life loses its meaning when we are not living in peace.
To stop war, teach peace, love, cooperation, and most of all-forgiveness.
To create peace, be a soldier of peace with a pen not a soldier of war with a gun.
When you are irrationally irrational you may find that life is magical.
I am not what you are. I am only what I can see. I am me.
When superstitions infect you, it controls your mind.
Life is so precious! Live with love, joy, happiness, and abundance.
When you are imprisoned by the rules of conformity, it tames your imaginative capacity and steals your free thinking abilities.
Be true to yourself to reveal your own unique beauties, feelings, and perceptions.
Those who can show love are always kind. Those who cannot show love cannot be kind.
If you learn how to value time, you will have enough. If you don't value time, then you will suffer from the lack of time.
Imagination is a process of seeing events or things with the minds eye.
Time is standing still, but we are running away from it and complaining that time is slipping away from us.
The best punishment for an enemy is forgiveness.
Our thoughts, imaginations, and actions are what make us into who we are.
You are born with the power to change your life by simply changing your thoughts.
Manifestation is a process by which we transform seemingly unrealizable imaginations to reality.
Problems are very complicated when you don't know the solutions.
Philosophy is the music of a judgmental mind and imaginative heart.
When you are very rational, you may not be able to dream or live in a fairy tale.
Be a wave of peace and let it wash away all of the hatred from your heart.
Be a magnet of peace, and attract everyone to make them peaceful.
If you expect nothing but success, then you will be a success.
Life becomes easy if you whole heartedly expect it to be easy.
Nothing is easy. To change or to accept changes is difficult.
Never forget the power of love, but always forget the love of power.
Kindness is the master key which opens the gates of inner bliss.
Never forget to leave your footprint of love on the surface of this loving universe.
Find time to admire and appreciate the glittering lights on snowflakes.
The most important and most difficult thing that you can change is your fixed false beliefs.
I love you not only for today and tomorrow but forever.
Oh my love, you are my life boat in the ocean of my life.
Anger is a tiger that can eat you alive if you are not careful.
A smile is a blue sky where the mind can fly.
The secret of staying young is to be simple and happy like a child.
Let us decorate the world with the pearls of a smile, diamonds of hope, and the rubies of love.
The best things in life are the things that we cannot buy with money.
You will lose not because of your abilities but because of your lack of desire to participate.
Love is the best music for heart.
No business can be a great success without a great purpose.
Doing more for others makes your life more abundant.
Improve your relationship with you.
Happiness is a fresh flower!
If you can live while doing what you love, then you are already a success.
Remember that you are never alone-you are always with yourself.
Without honesty and integrity, success is nothing but a terrible failure.
Love and kindness are a kind of gun that we can use to change everyone without hurting anyone.
The greatest victory comes not from winning against enemies but from winning over one's self.
Human beings are nothing but intellectually organized closely interconnected interestingly and independently functioning trillions of atoms. We manipulate these atoms by our thoughts. At the same time, thoughts are the byproducts of complex interactions of these intelligent atoms.
We are nothing but a few atoms arranged in an intricate organized way.
The measure of a person's strength is not his muscular power or strength, but it is his flexibility and adaptability.
You cannot get before you give. Wood cannot give you warmth before you start the fires.
The value of life depends on the amount of pure love that you are giving away.
Integrity and self trust are the two important powers that can help you to reach success.
The journey to success is easy if you know the road map and have persistence and perseverance.
Persistence, perseverance, and continuous improvement are the ingredients for forming a successful person.
When you can overcome the fear of failure, success will not be far away.
The mind is deeper than the horizon, bigger than the universe, and more mysterious than space.
Most difficult problems become very easy when we learn how to put things into perspective.
Initially, the truth may hurt, but lies hurt always.
Life is not a destination to be reached, but it is a journey to be enjoyed.
True freedom comes only from true wisdom.
To be a success, dream with open eyes, have faith in your defined purpose, and act with deep love.
On the way toward success, obstacles are the barrier to build the power of the mind.
A wise person is silent and rarely wants to show his wisdom. A fool is always vocal and uses every opportunity to show his foolishness.
Your path should be lighted with love and trust, your purpose should be clear, and your goal should be the light post.
Do not let your problems become a burden and interfere with your endless possibilities.
Have an intention, take action, and then learn on the way to success.
Life becomes empty if we fill it with worthless thoughts and deeds.
Stop complaining. Plot your course and start your journey. Adjust your sail. Success is waiting to welcome you.
I am burning within with an immeasurable, indescribable endless joy of life.
A tree is more conscious than we are; she expresses her awareness slowly and silently with beauty. Our consciousness is very limited, but we are blessed with a language to express or superficial consciousness.
Love is the greatest gift of life. Those who give and receive are blessed with the ecstasy of life.
If you can think independently, you are the master of this universe.
Happiness is an awareness-a blissful perception, not in ownership or in material possessions.
When you achieve higher consciousness you will not achieve anything, but you will lose everything that is not important and is not yours.
Consciousness is the awareness of the interaction and interdependence among mind, body, spirit, and the universe where it resides.
Greatness often demands great sacrifice.
Teach a child not to seek help but to seek the opportunity to help others.
You can be kind only when you are in love.
Our awareness about ourselves and the world around us is so limited that we are ready to destroy ourselves. For the survival of humanity, an evolution of consciousness is essential.
Love as if you were created by the universe just to love.
Life is absolutely impossible without love.
It is not the duration but the donation of life that matters the most.
Be an example and open a new way for life.
It is not the success, but it is the failures that make us stronger and more resilient.
Accept love with love, but never forget to forgive hate with love.
Dare to love and get lost in yourself.
Every thing-every atom is conscious. To find it we have to open our eyes and see with a higher consciousness.
We are the flower of eternal consciousness.
Be an encourager not a pacifier.
There are many levels of consciousness, but atomic consciousness or universal consciousness is the basis of all other levels of consciousness. A tree is very much conscious even though in our point of view they are not conscious.
Music is the primordial language of life. That is why we love it so much. Actually every animal can hear and understand music better than we do.
Consciousness is basic while thoughts are supreme. Speeches are nothing but the expression of thoughts and feelings. If there is no consciousness, nothing else could be there. At the same time, all forms of consciousness will not give the abilities to think and express thoughts.
Life is a gift, but living is a choice.
Consciousness is nothing but a neuro-chemical and a mechanical action of the body. Consciousness is important, but the expression of thoughts with language makes us human. Everything is conscious, but levels of consciousness are different.
As water changes its shape according to the shape of the vessel, I change myself by changing my thoughts.
When I am ready for the opportunity, I get lucky.
Smile to lighten up.
Everything has a consciousness. Every atom and molecule is conscious. Every virus and bacteria is conscious. Every tree, large and small animals are conscious, but each level of consciousness is different. All humans are conscious; the level of consciousness among humans also differs.
When I tried to understand consciousness, I found out how simple it was, but we try to make it so complicated.
The level of consciousness determines the deepness of thoughts and the awareness of the beauty of life.
Forgiveness is a process of accepting the past and welcoming the mysterious beauty of the future.
You are intelligent if you know what you do not know.
Music is the language of the universe. Music was there even before the concept of life. Music is one of the most powerful catalysts of evolution.
Sleeping is not a loss of consciousness, but it is a temporary loss of integration of awareness.
The consciousness of an embryo is the universal consciousness. What we learn after birth is awareness and egocentric consciousness that we call the mind. Everyday we learn to conform to the beauty, tragedy, and adversity of this world and that forms our judgmental mind.
Breath is the bridge that connects us with the mysteries of the universe and universal consciousness.
As we transcended and transformed from Neanderthal so will future humans transcend to a new level of consciousness and transform into a super human or homo-cosmicus.
Our learned egocentric and judgmental consciousness is the source of unhappiness; however, universal consciousness is always blissful.
What we call spirit is our universal consciousness. We can also call it atomic consciousness. Every atom is conscious and knows everything that is going on around it at every moment.
Consciously or unconsciously, the only person you should compete with is you.
Consciousness is a magic of our brain and an illusion of our mind.
To solve a problem, change your awareness, perception, and consciousness about the problem.
Human beings sometimes find a kind of pleasure in nursing painful emotions, in blaming themselves without reason or even against reason.
Her essay about the wedding ring was short. Kerr wrote: "Things are just things - they have no power to hurt or to heal. Only people can do that. And we can all choose whether to be hurt or healed by the people who love us."That was all.And that was everything.
If you never love you never hurtIf you never hurt you've never lived.Love in life and embrace all the pains that come with it.
Healing is more about accepting the pain and finding a way to peacefully co-exist with it. In the sea of life, pain is a tide that will ebb and weave, continually.We need to learn how to let it wash over us, without drowning in it. Our life doesn't have to end where the pain begins, but rather, it is where we start to mend.
Much of your pain is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
Pain can be endured and defeated only if it is embraced. Denied or feared, it grows in perception if not in reality. The best response to terror is righteous anger, confidence in ultimate justice, a refusal to be intimidated.
To my abusers: I forgive you.
If you give them enough of yourself, they might realize that you're bleeding out from the pieces of you you keep giving them, and maybe give you something back. But then they don't. So you sit there. Less than you were.
True pain teaches us to grow. You aren't finished yet. Dylan needs you.
Do not feel ill will toward others. It will only bring negative energy into your life which will fester and grow as you let that anger into your heart. Hunger for revenge, for your pain to be put onto others, only hurts you more. Trust in yourself that you may recover from the pain they have caused and allow yourself to move on.
The pleasure of sins is pain in the soul.
A man of suffering is familiar with pain.
Why should I forget the past experienced? I can only let go of the pain.
With prayer, we can endure the pain.
It is a blessing to experience hardship. Not because we suffer, but because we learn to endure.
Don't hold onto things, it will only bring you pain.
Pain is a physical discipline.
... everyone regrets something, but you can't change the past. You've got to let go and make new memories until the old ones fade enough that they don't hold any power over you.
Pain is there when you are born,Its the very first thing you feel when you come in to the world.Then why run? Face it head on, cry in it,laugh in it because in the end pain is what you will remember.
Look for the why behind your feelings of hurt and pain because they signal where we should make some changes.
If your tears have lost the ability to hide your pain... why shedding them?
Take the pain and grow beauty...You know I've always loved volcanoes. I love how they spew searing, deadly lava that goes on to nurture the most beautiful landscapes on earth. It's from searing pain that the deepest beauty can sprout
Words can hurt, but words can also inspire.
The avoidance of pain is the avoidance of life.
Are you in pain, pray?
Every bit of pain can be a blessing if we choose to listen to its message.
At the end of your life, go out with a bruised-up, worn out heart that gave too much and loved too strongly and felt too fiercely.
Welcome the hidden messages in pain.
When in doubt, tell the truth. When in pain, listen to the wind.
And i chose life and love and happiness and pain...
And I chose life and love and happiness and pain
We all have pain, Wes. It isn't life sithout it. What matters in life isn't that we escape pain. What matters is that we overcome it.
Don't be afraid to live you life as a lone wolf, it is not as bad then, you will be disappointed less, your heart will be unbreakable, you will be stronger than the rest, for you know how to take pain without another, you will survive, your mental strength will be sharpened, your claws sharper, and your resistance to pain stronger.
We rise, we fall.Life is a lesson.But, if not lived with the heart,holds no depth, no meaning.We must feel pain, to feel the joy, to feel the pain, and so on, so forth.It requires great courage.I try with all my mightto hold gratitude in the lesson.Thank you universe for showing mefor teaching me.
Maybe some type of pain is inevitable, but still, that doesn't mean that you should always let it control your emotions.
Every time you try and fail,Every time your hope gets stuck in the deeps,And you wonder just how you'd get through the sail-Don't forget that underneath your pain,Is an anchor of great strength and fortitudeKeep digging until you find it...And when you do,RISE!
There is such a thing as emotional rubbish; it is produced in the factories of the mind. It consists of pain that has long since passed and is no longer useful. It consists of precautions that were important in the past, but that serve no purpose in the present.
He thought of what his mother always said whenever he cut himself, Dimka, scars are time's alphabet. If so, his body was covered in poetry, his soul contained an entire encyclopedia of pain and loss..." Kelly Oliver, WOLF: A Jessica James Mystery
All the pain on the outside can not undo what is felt on the inside.
The youth who, like a woman, loves to adorn his person, has renounced all claim to wisdom and to glory; glory is due to those only who dare to associate with pain, and have trampled pleasure under their feet.
Deep pain awakens the pleasure of wonder.
She wore her scarsas her best attire.A stunning dressmade of hellfire.
Winning cannot become your habit unless defeats have torn you apartand you sit in the battle field stitching back yourselfone piece at a timelaughing in the faces of all defeats.
Laugh with fake id's but i have permanent license of pain in eyes
Ego speaks from a place of pride.Judgement comes from a place of pain.Courage speaks from a place of humility.Correction comes from a place of love.Where are you operating from?
He deserves better than this. But "deserves" doesn't have a lot to do with falling in love.
May your turn your pain into prayer.
It hurt to be wounded. But healing begins with forgiveness.
I guess no one can be painted with just one brush. There is light and shade in all of us, pain and hardship, and some of us rise from it while others are darkened by it.
Pain in your past will become power in your future. So make suffering essential.
Endure pain to turn it into your power.
Pain strengthens and failure teaches us the proper way to do things.
May the broken hearted be healed.
Pain and love cannot be in the same space. You can never love anyone in pain. You cannot truly love yourself in pain. The more pain you carry in your heart, the harder it becomes to love anyone including yourself.
Before hurting others, feel the pain you will inflict on others.
Every struggle you overcome, will build the strength of your spirit.
Never say you understand someone's pain if you haven't felt the same, because not only would you sound mocking but also ignorant.
Life is pain. War is change. The raw materials of life hammered and shaped into something with a purpose.
Do not waste your life.
Beyond the limit of pain, it is longer painful.
Forget the past! Look straight ahead with great hope.
Let go of all the pain. Embrace the joy of life.
What happens to us are tiny matters compared to us response to any situation.
The greater the injury, the greater the fun.
Take control of your emotions before your emotions take control of you.
Never take the goals and aspirations along with your corpse. Rather execute... they doth entertain and enthrall the world around you!
When we understand people; when we understand situations;when we understand what matters;when we understand the why's, the what's and the how's;when we understand the trigger of actions, we least inflict pain on ourselves and unto others.
I wonder what will happen when you actually enjoy the pains that life gives us sometimes. You'll be above them.
You'll notice that pain isn't solid or constant but rather a series of sensations, sometimes hard, sometimes light, and even sometimes gone altogether
A person you loved has used you and hurt you, but there are more people to love, new paths to pursue, and noble tasks that only you can accomplish-for you and for your entire kingdom. If you must dwell on something dwell on that.
You are afraid to let anyone in, but you still leave the door open, hoping someone good will shut the door behind him and throw away the keys.
Heaven left a hole in your heart. But it's up to you to choose if that hole will be filled with pain, anger, and the eternal darkness of loss . . .	Or if you will choose to fill it with light and love and have that hole shine out of you like a spotlight into your life, keeping their memory alive . . .{It's up to you.}
As I sat up I turned my head to the side, but immediately straightened it again when I felt a sharp pain shoot through my neck.
The limitations in life do not necessary limit you.
To live this life. To live it with wholeness and gratitude and trust. In the pain and the glory. In the mess and the grace. In the sacred and the desperation. This is the stuff of which real superheros are born.
The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.
Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century.
Every cell in my body was telling me that he was my happily ever after.
Marriage is more about work than about divine luck, more about finding someone to love than about finding someone to meet your own laundry list of personal needs.
A man holy duty is to love a woman.
A loyal friend, who can find?
My darling husband, my heart is your home.
Men grew up receiving from their mothers without giving anything in return and they expect the same from their women. Could this unintendedly taught and unknowingly learnt selfishness be responsible for break-ups and divorce. Give at least a promise to your woman and keep it.
The one trying to have the last word is rarely walking in the Word.
The most crucial thing to know about true love is that, it is not something you can find, rather you need to build it with the person in whose eyes you see your soul.
Nothing makes sense, not that much of the world ever did."  Quote from the book: "UnHoly Pursuit: The Devil on My Trail.
All I need to dois place my pen against paperand your lovewrites for me.
With you, I am. Without you, I am not.
Whenever you keep score in love, you lose.
The only path wide for us all is love.
Like a pair of old slippers,I feel comfort andwarmth as I slip into you.No, that is too crude.Like the match to the wick,I ignite when we touch.My counterpart andlife's purpose.Yes, as though I've known you my whole life.Every scar, every failurehas become an affirmationof what should be:You.Yes, as though I've loved you my whole life.
The fact of your heart's enfoldment in mine is evidence enough that there is, underneath it all, some hidden order to this world.
Then I'll have more fun searching in vain then marrying one of the wrong sort.
Know this: whenever you think of leaving, a part of you has already left. But it's never too late to get it back.
I'm not here to grant you the extraordinary love you never had for yourself. I'm here, on my own accord, to love you. So that when you stare into my mirror eyes, you may see how extraordinary you are.
Their making of love ... had even been something like this, when it became a kind of harmony, enveloping them together and together and for ever into that crescendo. And, yes, now really, really she knew the multitudinous singing of the stars and she wanted everything to stay where it was, now and forever with him ...
My dear, please be careful.You no longer live only for yourself.You live for me as well.
Home cooking is the true embodiment of love. It makes us show patience, kindness, humility, hope, and perseverance.
A person with money who chooses to spend it on you, takes little effort and is meaningless. However, a person with no time who manages to spend what little they have on you... this means everything and should appreciated.
Man loves pleasure. But women desire purposeful commitment.
Men love pleasure. but women desire purposeful commitment.
Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate.
Keep strong the bond of love.
Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.
Marriage is a cheerful commitment.
We must keep together, we belong to each other.
The light shines in our hearts.
In all spheres of life, we find the grace of patient endurance.
Your love awakens my spirit.
Love is the soul food!
In the end, you will not see the physical beauty in others that caught your eye, but the fire that burned within them. This kind of beauty is the bonfire you had to attend.
Opinions of others may temporary influence your decisions.But you ought to follow your own inner voice.
Love is the key to all human hearts.
If you don't capture the moments, it will be gone forever.
In any situation, listen and follow the first instinct, the sacred inner voice.
You are the greatest wife of all time and I love you so much more' said my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita.
I am completely dissolved in love.
Love is the flame that set the heart on fire.
Hold fast to the love of your life
Love is a flame of fire.
Love is a flame of light.
Marriage isn't about rights as much as it is about revelation.
I am dedicated to the preservation of my marriage's unity.
If we accept that the love of praise is a sin, that the lust to be known and appreciated by others is not just a fool's errand...but perhaps evidence of a heart focused on the wrong things, our marriages will be transformed.
Love forgives and keeps no records of wrongs .
Love seeks the best. Love endures all times. Love never changes.
Before marriage, you lose your virginity. After marriage, you get to give it away. Which would you rather experience?
Life was not meant to be live alone.
Falling in love is a beautiful wonder.
Everything that happens to you is your teacher. The secret is to learn to sit at the feet of your own life and be taught by it. Polly B. Berends
Imperfection is simply not a good enough excuse to have someone keep hurting you just because they feel like it.
The mind thinks thoughts that we don't plan. It's not as if we say, 'At 9:10 I'm going to be filled with self-hatred.
A lot of books in the self-help section of your bookstore really belong in the fiction section.
I'm not a victim. I'm not a survivor. I'm a fighter.
A lot of men tend to want "models"I tell men, unless they look like a model themselves, they can't expect to land one.
There ARE people who won't customarily eat an entire row of cookies, or hear food calling their name from other rooms, or who don't grind up food in the garbage disposal for fear of eating it, or get it back out of the garbage so they could eat it. Of course, my binge eating was just a cover-up for the larger issue: Trying to fill the emptiness
I'm not 'different' from anyone else. Crises and tough emotional periods are the grit around which my inner self has been formed. Some, I have come through with more grace than others.
Healing your wounds will hurt, so cry. Cry your pretty little heart out until you have nothing left to shed, that's how beauty is grown; through the darkest of our days we become the light.
Intuition means exactly what it sounds like, in-tuition! An inner tutor or teaching and learning mechanism that takes us forward daily. It is a resource that, where recognized, has infinite potential.
The universe will use any vehicle and any medium to communicate with us. Our job is to be alert and to listen.
Good, capable individuals unconsciously and consciously guard and nurture themselves and their spirits every day in all sorts of choices, large and small. Just as their lives are never static, they are rarely if ever fractured. Their morals and ethics are never cut off from the whole of their evolving beings.
You have to let go of what is holding you back.
To be successful, you need to do two things:1. Condition your hair,2. Do the same with your mind.
Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why. The why question leads to indecision, anxiety, caution and self-limitation. There are all responses which originate in fear-based emotions.
Everyone makes mistakes. Whether we put our mistakes to use depends on how deeply we reflect on our actions. It is desirable to reflect until the tears come. - On Self-Reflection -
On the Brevity of Our TiesTies in this world last only for a time. We are husband and wife, parent and child, for a short period only. Once this reality sinks in, we cannot help treasuring each moment of our brief association.
Start before you're ready.
The enemy is Resistance.
Their daddy was fond of saying that mistakes weren't sins. The sin was not to learn from them.
Life requires more than a whisper of wisdom
Sometimes the signs and signals of the non-language speaking world are not very clear. Then we have to walk in trust, move forward step by small step, until we are sure of the proper path.
Compete like you cannot fail.
If you are fortunate enough to enjoy great success, you should never forget the spirit of the beginner, and not grow indolent and arrogant.
Our lives are nothing but a short span of time. And if we spend tons of time earning money that we simply throw away, then we're throwing away part of our potential.
Intuition is an essential part of the whole experience of living. Although it will not help predict the future or how people will behave, using intuition as a guide makes life more rewarding. It helps you follow what seems to be the right path, even when social convention or common sense appears to tell differently
So what is a good meditator? A good meditator meditates.
Small fruit is better than big words.
If you can desire it, you can behold it.
Hate wound the heart.
Let your choice be: reject the wrong, but choose the right.
To choose love is to reject hate.
When learning for self-growth, a problem many people have is that they memorize what they learn, but do not always think, apply, adapt and repeat what they learn
How could we be miserable, when there is music?
Whenever the opportunity exist, we must give our very best.
Today is a day to be thankful.
It's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be.
If you think you're unable to be on the cover of Time magazine, make your business to be there.
The only sacred home, you can live lies in your pure heart.
The Expansion Process in a nut shell1. Notice2. Breathe3. Ask to be open and expand again4. Go into the pain5. Feel the body6. Use the tools7. Communicate clearly
Desire to dwell in clean environment.
Is life experiment? Is yours to experience.
Do not forget who you are: a sacred soul.
What do you truly want to be?
No one can help you better than the heavenly Father.
What I become is the grace of belief.
Resolved to act right.
You can't draw water from an empty well.
Man must conquer is own mountain.
You are a VIP, a very important person so take care with self care. If not you, who? If not now, when?
Loneliness makes us more capable of true intimacy if ever better opportunities do come along. We might be isolated for now, but we'll be capable of far closer, more interesting bonds with anyone we do eventually locate.
A fundamental truth, is that there is simply no such thing as an inherently boring person or thing. People are only in danger of coming across as such when they either fail to understand their deeper selves or don't dare or know how to communicate them to others.
To hell with what anyone thinks about your life, but you should know what you think about it.
Too many are trying to conquer higher weaknesses such as procrastination, impatience or pride while still being slaves to their appetites. If we can't control the body and its appetites, how can we control our tongues, or overcome the emotions or anger, envy, jealousy, or hatred?
Don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were headed for shore.
LEXI: I'd settled for this awful existence because I'd convinced myself it was better than being alone....But it's not.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. -Wayne Dyer
Compassionate people are boundaried people.
When you are in the highest vibrational state you will not feel the need to; over eat, over spend money, insist on having a certain relationship, or even become a millionaire because you have shifted into the abundance that you are and from this place you dont feel any lack at all.
No one knows your truth but you. If you're secure in yourself, no one and no(thing) can touch you.
Each day I connect with my inner being. Doing so, makes navigating through life so much easier.
I believe the Universe desires for us to choose to love as much as possible while we are here.
In life; if you stay engaged in giving and receiving love, life will always be easier.
I am open to receiving help with moving forward toward my dreams and aspirations.
The energy of love is indestructible
As I acknowledge the boundaries within myself, I am given plenty of opportunities to reinforce them.
As a deep wound comes to the surface, things can appear worse for a time.
Hating yourself is like hating the sun. No matter how much you complain of it agitating your eyes, its brilliance shines on.
I love to strengthen myself with a healthy diet, plenty of exercise and maintaining a strong connection to myself.
It's good to know that challenges are designed to make me and not to break me.
We are all in different places in our healing process. Do not become invested in someone who is not yet where you are to understand you. They truly cannot hear you.
This journey of life is about realizing our inherent wholeness. It has nothing to do with perfecting anything
If you put gratitude at the center of your life, one day you will find it has completely taken over.
I show up for my fellow man by sharing my inner wealth. I generously give out compassion and acceptance wherever I go.
The practice of gratitude can soften a difficult situation
Make sure your beliefs match who you are: love.
You cannot fix, nor are you responsible for another persons low self esteem
Beyond the pain, anger and unforgiveness, there is only one thing; love. This is where the magic happens
To ensure health in mind, body and spirit; increase giving and receiving love.
It's wonderful to know that the power to define who I am rests solely with me. If I decide I am an artist, or a poet, a teacher or a writer then I AM.
Through out your life people will project many things onto you. The projections are not about you, they are about them. Most will actually have very little to do with who you actually are. Remember this instead of reacting.
Diversity enriches the soul. It is at the very essence of the life experience
When we make a habit of expressing love and gratitude our world expands into something beautiful.
When pretending starts, growth stops
Heading back into your life to dust off and decipher old memories allows you to fully grasp how much power you have always held in your life. It helps you start to see that the way you have stored your memories and the role you played in them can be altered by you at any moment. Truly. At any moment in time. Hell, with one phone call.
Once you realize that your relationship is more important than your individual point of view. That's where the true definition of union lives.
What if the longer we don't deal with the memories we are haunted by, the more these memories, like long-ignored cavities, become not only painfully sensitive, but require root canal?
Our foibles, issues, lies, and idiosyncrasies are not the problem, I swear. Our hiding them is. It's what leaves us not trusting each other and not developing ourselves to become trustworthy.
Telling the whole truth and nothing but is the ultimate taking care of yourself. I can't tell you how many clients of mine, once they clean up their lie list and resolve the big ones, cure themselves of their own depression.
Look. The world is full of liars, and it's time someone admitted it, shed a light on it, and lightened up about it.
Our mind has a mind of its own.
Ever notice how we are constantly talking to ourselves in our heads. We not only profess to know what others are thinking, but also what their responses will be--and even what they really meant by what they said. Apparently, we are all mind readers, without much proven psychic ability.
Being able to tell the truth about our own lack of personal integrity has integrity to it. The key to being able to deal with and lighten up about our own humanity is to get wholly honest about our dishonesty.
Ever notice how on a bad day you never deserve a salad? I mean how long do you think your bad mood would really last if you only fed your brat celery? How many bad days would your brat tolerate if it no longer got rewarded a drink, a cigarette, or an entire Netflix series on the couch for it.
Did you ever notice that most of us relate to our lives like we have no control or say over them? Especially in areas where we're not proud. We speak about ourselves like we're reporting on the weather, making sweeping generalizations...And boy do we ever believe our own 'forecasts.
It is vital to avoid mediocrity - living a life of deadness in someone else's threadbare world.
You cannot pour from an empty bottle so take care of yourself first.
So although there is no phoenix here, there is, nonetheless, a fierce, stubborn, wildly insightful, arrogantly honest, crazily committed, and caring human, who will take the heat, the brunt of whatever silver spoon joke you may have, so I can help you have everything you want in your life. And I mean everything.
Inside each of us is our ideal life: our true north.
If we're not the one driving our dreams forward, who is? If we don't figure out how to change jobs, eat healthily, date, fall and stay in love, who will come save us? No one. But, then again, no one should, right? The are, after all, our dreams.
We live in a society in which unnecessary conformities are the very essence of necessity
Be kind to your future self, and your future will be kind to you.
It is the confession, not the Priest, that gives us absolution
It is not the one that falls first that matters, but the one that gets up to help the other
Men treat you, the way you make them treat you.
Anger is fleeting, whereas hostility is enduring.
While it is easy to blame the hand of the abuser, when that hand no longer is raised against you, why do you continue to feel the burn of its touch?
It is in the deconstruction of ourselves that we begin to build our lives.
The key to happiness is a regular dose of unhappiness.
BELINDA:Your children are a pain in the neck...MASSIMO: They are mine when they misbehave-BELINDA: Which is always.MASSIMO: And yours when they behave like angels.BELINDA: I'll be old by the time that happens.
Always keep dreaming. Follow those visions, listen to those whispers and pursue those dreams that keep trying to nudge you in the right direction. It is not impossible to achieve them.
Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another.
It's true that no one ever said life would be easy, but it's also true that no ever said you had to do it alone.
Do what you love and the rest will come.
I need to stop thinking about how people see me and figure out who I am. Faking it isn't working. We should focus on being happy....Just happy.
If you love her, that's all that matters.
And like anyone who is in valiant pursuit of dreams, the ups and downs come and go, but the dream lives in the heart forever.
If you have one clean hand and one dirty, you do not get two clean hands by rubbing them together.
Willpower is misunderstood. The very word suggests that wanting something badly enough bequeaths that necessary strength to achieve or overcome something. If that were the case, I'd be Michael Fassbender's missus by now.
Excuses - the great enabler. Without them, we'd have no reason to shop when we shouldn't and every reason to feel guilty for doing so. Nothing like the aul 'dog ate my knickers' chestnut to manifest a new handbag at will (in which to deposit much-needed new knickers, of course).
I was sweating like Christy Moore at a Feis Ceol, so badly, in fact, I looked like I was sporting a finger moustache as I attempted to rescue suicidal perspiration drops from my upper lip. Classy.
If you keep chasing shooting stars, you'll never feel the warmth of the sun.
Change is uncomfortable. And heading out into unfamiliar terrain is risky. Far too many crave comfort and security. And so they lead a limited existence within the safe confines of their velvety prisons.
It's too noisy near the surface. To be able to concentrate with all your being, you must shut out all distractions. You must listen with your soul.
In Nature there are no good or bad outcomes -- only consequences.
Everyone is effed up, Dalton. At some point, you just have to find someone to share the baggage with.
Clotilda: ....don't take him for granted. No day is promised us with the ones we love....
....there was nothing on this earth sexier than a strong woman.
Don't just see the vision of what you want. Be the vision of what you want!
Nothing can be more dreadful than the burden of failure on one's shoulders..
...it's not him that you're still pining after, it's the lost time. You're mourning what should've been more so than what really was. You feel robbed as well you should, but not for the right reasons.
....what I'm really saying is that you knew, somewhere deep inside you knew that he wasn't the one for you. I've always wondered with people who get divorced if the wronged party hadn't seen it coming.
To reduce your age,increase your experiences.
Traveling solo is an incredible - life changing - journey, which I can recommend anyone to undertake. It's the fear of being alone that prevents many people from daring to take the step to go on that journey. But as with many things, within that fear you'll discover the greatest triumphs.
Don't you ever think that your mind can never harm you just because it is your mind! Your mind can really kill you. From dawn to the time you retire, your mind can be a very good friend to you and your mind can also be your worst friend. What goes into your mind each day becomes your friend so mind your mind!
I'd have my happy ending, whether I deserved it or not. But this land, these people - they would have their happy ending too. The first few steps toward healing. Toward peace. And then things would be fine. Then I'd be fine.
Before you save the world, make sure your own house is in order.
All too often, we make decisions from a place of pain, insecurity or fear and we let those negative thoughts guide our behavior, ruin opportunities and be the reason we choose poor friends and abusive partners.
Someone Else's words can detour your potential!
There are times where you need to step it up even higher
You have to evaluate your relationships and eliminate the relationships that are not bringing you positivity and growth. We need to be around people who encourage us, uplift us, and promote positivity.
You cannot be happy if you constantly compete with others for public approval.
Self-love is having appreciation for oneself, respecting oneself, and caring for oneself, and the actions that help us mature also help it grow.
Our daily thoughts manifest into the life we live and what occurs around us.
If you cannot change, why you expect others to change?
Be knowledgeable, but not realistic!
Enlightenment lacks any form of judgment.
Jump, take that flight, and build your wings on the way down.
Do not panic but pray when you face any problem.
Happiness is the joy in the heart.
Memory holds you back, Imagination pushes you forward.
Refrain from being selfish to others, instead make some friend and stand up with dignity.
When you turn your dreams on there is no off switch.
Do not imprison your mind with negative thoughts
What you think of yourself is much more important than what people think of you
Create your own out of the box thinking, create your own box.
If you keep fighting with yourself, you will always win.
Make peace with your fears; after all, they are only imaginary friends.
If being in the NOW doesn't work, don't worry as there is always another one tomorrow!
Ignorance breeds success.
Don't let hollow heroes distract you from saving yourself.
Be firm. Be strong.
If you were a brand, would you buy yourself or keep shopping?
Pride leads to down fall o f man.
It is better to accept the truth than a temporary lie.
Happiness is a sacred heaven.
How could you live life without listen to music?
You can soar with great wings far beyond the sky.
Don't give up searching.
Conquer all your fears with faith.
The past is perception. The future is unknown. The only truth is the present.
If you don't know what to do next take the oath that will enhance your soul and erase your ego, & from the quiet space inside yourself, you will know what to do.
Life only gets better with every bright light.
The good thing about being numb is that no one can hurt you, but the bad thing about being numb is that no one can love you.
Self-love is when you are genuinely happy not with the image you see in the mirror, but the person you see.
Learn how to control your emotions and don't let them control you.
Personally, I think it is better for me to love myself and enjoy being me, than to please someone else by pretending to be someone I'm not.
Be strong and free from fear.
Buy this book , buy this book , you need this book, buy book now.'Subliminal messaging works!
You shouldn't expect anyone to give you a vision. A vision is not given, it's created, by you.
Ask questions. Seek answers, knowing you'll never have all of them. And that's okay. Sometimes curiosity is its own reward.
We are who we are, but we know who we are through our response to the changing world.
If you feel something should be changed, start the change with your thoughts and mind-set. Cause you may not change the surroundings but your thoughts will...-Giridhar Alwar
Positive goals lead to positive actions for purposeful life.
Make your own sacred choices
If the willingness is there, you can graciously fulfill your dream.
May you find a sacred strength to fulfill our dreams in the coming year.
Although you may not know where the road will end, you dare travel on it.
Those who are weak in spirit, desire to make others weaker.While the strong spirit, desire to empower others to be stronger.
The spark of divinity enfolds in love, in light and in faith.
You ought to pray for a strong heart and then you can endure all things.
It is the toughest time but the best.
Whenever you feel exhausted, take time to relax, refresh and recharge.
What prevents you from fully expressing yourself?
You only have to view life in a positive way.
Be motivated.
It's okay for someone to tell me who they think I am, but it's not okay when they try to impose that idea on me.
You've got to reach bedrock to become depressed enough before you are forced to accept the reality and enormity of the problem.
I am living in world full of lost hope and discrimination. I am living a life in which social equality does not exist and I am not sure that it ever can, or if once upon a time it ever did.
American can mean anything you want it to mean. It can mean that you live in America. It can mean that you are privileged. Being American can also mean that you are diverse. In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.
My skin is beautiful but it also serves as a huge barrier for so many opportunities that I want to pursue in life.
It's unfortunate really-how everyone can live on the same soil yet not even know the first thing about their neighbors.
Differences simply act as a yarn of curiosity unraveling until we get to the other side.
Be enthusiastic about life.
In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.
Sometimes, the reason that people don't get along is because they feel that their role is to be selfish or submissive-not understanding that American simply means understanding who we are so that we can help others do the same.
Believe and love yourself.
Self care is a sacred-self love.
Believe in your dreams.
May you find the joy, hope and love of existence.
I am my own self.
Be a woman of confidence, not cockiness. Know your boundaries, set no limits. Speak your kindness and turn your back to conformed groups. The only way to be a woman of change in this world, is to walk what you talk and set your own soul free first.
The fear of being yourself is the beginning of self-doubt.
Great spirit, great-self.
Don't take to heart, any negative criticism. Focus on positive thoughts
Fear must be conquered with faith.
Life must be live by faith rather than fear.
No matter how successful you are, you have to keep improving yourself. Otherwise, you will get stuck in what was once considered modern. Today, you can't solve iPad problems with typewriter knowledge and in the years to come, we shall look at the iPad and say how come we were so excited about that.
The single most sacred pilgrimage you will ever make is the one right where you are.
You gain strength with every difficulty, which you boldly overcome.
You can spread joyfulness in any place of bitterness.
Great souls encouraged us to be great.
Your mornings are very powerful. Be careful with them.
Daily inspiration is uplifting to the spirit.
Be firm with your decisions.
Be happy while you have life.
It takes persistent practice to be skilful in the act.
Disentangle yourself from anything that will not promote your progress.
Competence, Courage, Confident!
To failure at something is an attempt to succeed. Be strong and try again.
Freedom is a spiritual-self liberty.
Hope is an anchor for the soul.
Never doubt yourself!
Maximum your strengths.
Excellent people are those, who choose to separate themselves from mediocrity.
Motivation enhances human worth and potential.
Read to find life treasures
Why don't you dare the impossible?
You must choose a positive response to any situation. This is the first action to conquer it.
Be the music of your soul. Don't be a pawn in someone else's game.
The action you will take today, will define tomorrow.
We held on to great memories. This sustains us in every moment.
Without continuous encouragement, we may give up.
Be passionately devoted to your dreams.
May you find the grace to chase your dream with all your might
I will pursue my dreams wholeheartedly.
Whatever happens to you, once you have hope you will survive.
Don't Live in the Darkness of Fear, Abandon Fear and Live in Joy!
Never give up. You must persist!
Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.
Music is everywhere. It's in the air between us, waiting to be sung.
Then the singing enveloped me. It was furry and resonant, coming from everyone's very heart. There was no sense of performance or judgment, only that the music was breath and food.
I think there's no greater joy than completing a song out of thin air. It's like inventing something, but it's invisible, you know? It's weird. It amazes me. You can send it out in the world, and that's the joy. It's like giving birth to all these songs and letting them go like they're your kids.
Work It Harder Make It BetterDo It Faster, Makes Us strongerMore Than Ever Hour AfterOur Work Is Never Over-Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, lyrics and music by Daft Punk
When we feel, a kind of lyric is sung in our heart. When we think, a kind of music is played in our mind. In harmony, both create a beautiful symphony of life.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels; in fact, nothing among the utterances allowed to man is felt to be so divine. It brings us near to the infinite.
a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment. Which is pretty amazing, when you actually think about it.
Talk about a dream,try to make it real
Ah, the magic of music, with it, all things are possible.
The Show Must Go On!
If he can't sleep, how will he ever dream?
We live in a generation of not being in love, and not being together. But we sure make it feel like we're together, because we're scared of seeing each other with somebody else.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. Ain't nowhere else in the world where you can go from driving a truck to cadillac overnight
There is music you never hear unless you play it yourself.
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.
You all have a gift. It's free. It's the gift of song.
It bewildered Ig, the idea that a person could not be interested in music. It was like not being interested in happiness.
The harp sounds at each passing breeze, but that does not mean the tune is masterfully played.
But had I accepted the pickle juice, I would be drinking pickle juice right now.
The musician has the most brothers, and the dancer the most sisters.
In this Music [the singing of the angels in harmony] the World was begun; for Iluvatar made visible the song of the Ainur,and they beheld it as a light in the darkness.
...music is the key to life
Don't worry about the future, sooner or later it's the past. If they say the feeling's gone then it's time to take it back.
You can't live life being second best.
When she listened to songs that she loved on the radio, something stirred inside her. A liquid ache spread under her skin, and she walked out of the world like a witch.
Don't give up. It's just the weight of the world.
Bring wings to the weak and bring grace to the strongMay all evil stumble as it flies in the worldAll the tribes comes and the mighty will crumbleWe must brave this night and have faith in love
Why would you want to stand there waving a stick when you could be playing an instrument?
How many victims must that be? Slaughtered in vain across the land,And how many strugles must that be?Before we choose to live the profits planEverybody sing- Every day create your History,Every path you take you're leaving your legacyEvery soldier dies in his gloryEvery legend tells of conquest and liberty.
With a feeling of despondency so intense that it was almost pleasurable, he got out his guitar.So this was to be his condition now.What was he but a fragment of broken churned-uphumanity washed up on this faraway shore? This was where his journey had brought him.... There mus be a song in this...
If somebody tells you a rule, break it. That's the only way to move things forward.
The baker kneads; the weaver knits;The smithy plies the sun-bright steel;The potter turns; the farmer plants;The miller grinds his dusty meal.While I my quill in trembling handPen odes to please the fickle throng;The greatest craftsman of them all, Save only she who sings my song.
Every day is a dance deed.
Sometimes the magic of life is beyond thought. It's the sparkle of intuition, of bringing your own personal energy into your music.
Nothing softens the heart like a song.
There is a music in my heart.
Make me strong. Not to be superior to others. To fight my greatest ennemy. Myself.
Music dispels misery.
The melody of music!
MUSIC. It's in my heart! It's in my mind! It's in my soul! Music has a way of taking control of my entire being, and I'm perfectly okay with that! Music is Life! Music is LOVE. Music makes life extra special! Music is a GIFT to the world!
Maybe she knew some day it would become my job. My job to complete the melody she had begun.
It does not need to be perfect - or technically correct - to be magic
Don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.
Everything sings, the whole universe and all the other universes. It's in our genes, see, not just in our ears.
If life was a piano light and darkness would be the keys. And shadows would be the melody that creates the harmony.
If movements were a spark every dancer would desire to light up in flames.
Show me a person who found love in his life and did not celebrate it with a dance.
Classical music is the best, and cheapest, mind-altering drug in the world.
If you dance to rhythm of music in your heart, you will restore your soul, and revive your spirit.
Enjoy the ecstasy of daily dance.
You only need to move your body to the rhythm of the music.
If you listen to music every day, you will be happy.
Music not only saved my life, it gave me a life
The macabre melodies were a surreal audible example of just who I'd been before and a stark contrast to who I was now.
Well I'll be waiting for a long, long time in the line which is your arms.
If the only song you sing is love, it is the greatest.
Listening to music makes me creative in all spheres of life.
The music of kindness may be short lived, but its echoes are everlasting.
Music fills the gap between the conscious and the subconscious mind with endless joy and bliss.
I can't help but to dance!
Lose yourself in the music, not the fog
Every now and then when I feel the doubt, I look inside myself and I see the way. The whole world full of possibilities. So you could be you and I could be me.
We would go out and play these songs and people could interpret them however the hell they wanted.
Philosophy is the song of love with the music of morals.
One must indeed test the strings to this life, bounce the bow, wet the mouthpiece, prepare for the deeper music that follows.
If life throws you a few bad notes, don't let them interrupt your song.
Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound - or how your book is supposed to be written.
Music makes you braver.
All life is a rhythm, she said as I sat up. All death is a rhythm suspended, a syncopation before liferesumes.
You ought to dance.
Dance while you can move your being.
Creativity is the most supreme form of love. When it flows from any heart flooded by truth and light, it can change all those who encounter its seductive vibrations.
Music is the breath of being.
Some songs can make you to travel a million miles inside your head
Music is life.
When I create a masterpiece I feel alive! When my creation is revered I feel immortal.
Music fills the infinite to give us infinite joy.
Part of my music is being alone, having that time to shut down all other noises to hear the tune underneath.
If the boy who drawslets you look over his shoulder.If the poetsmilesand shows you her words.If the girl who sings for the shower only,hums a songin front of you.Know that you're no longer a personbut the airand dustthat fills their lungs.When the world perishes,and all things cease to exist,you'll remain inside an ink stain,a paint brush,a song.Poem N. 8
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Embrace your journey and those who come across your path. Be gracious in your endeavors. Focus on your craft. Those who support your dreams now and feel your sincere humility and gratitude will be there 20, 30, 40 years from now, padding your old bones and time worn, weary soul.
If every citizen should recite their national anthem daily, you will develop love to serve your country better.
We are all valuable. Humanity needs our individual services.
AC/DC is very easy to miao along to!
She could afford anything, she could give anything, but she could not share a moment of her life with anybody. Shewas a beautiful and a glamorous diamond with an astronomical price tag, but to a crude reality - she was still a stone, a living stone. Nothing else but a stone in an aesthetic sense.
Thou shalt not forget that money is only money and not character or fame.
Money cannot buy the moments of grace.
You can either love money or live moment. It is better to live in the moment.
I also need to honor myself for working so hard, and that means treating the money I earn with respect.
Do not be weary to make money.
Same Money or Nobody will save you.
Money is only a means.
Money is never the cause of all evil, ignorance is!
Money can only be used to buy man-made goods.
Regarding quality, the following rule is very important: do each activity right at the first time with the aim of saving money and time. Regardless of the process under consideration, the activities that were carried out badly may cause repetitions with considerable additional costs.
It's not about judging you, it's about changing your point of view.
Don't waste Money, Time or Mental Energy.
See money - currency - as the flow of energy and giving that cycles between you, others and me. Now let it flow kindly, fairly and mindfully.
Value is what you trade to get money. The more valuable you are the more money you attract.
Good deeds are only done when there's a profit margin.
A life that is happy and has no money, is better then a life unhappy with money.
If you have life you have money but if you have money you don't have life,for life is like every precious thing you need
Money doesn't change you, it reveals you. Money is just an enabler, whatever a person chooses to do with it is a reflection of their character.
It is better to focus on the mission than to earn money.
Those who think life is money, chase it. But those who think life is sharing live to give.
I have no riches but richer thoughts.
A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.
The greatest wealth is well-being.
You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.
If you are wasting time , wasting money ....
Refusing dominance over others by using money is a clear sign of wisdom.
Money is like your girlfriend/boyfriend; she/he will come running towards you and embrace you in her/his arms, only if you pay enough attention.
Anyone can become a MONEY MAGNET if they have the right tools, understanding, a burning desire and legitimate reasons to become one.
I know the value of my time!
The value of time cannot be bought with money.
I will get the work done with or without pay.
Money cannot redeem time.
Within the 24 hours, make some time for your own work.
Money can cloud your vision.
If you want money, you must work to earn it.
People are priceless. A chance meeting with a loving human being was worth more than any amount of money in the world. I felt rich.
Perhaps it is how we are made; perhaps words of truth reach us best through the heart, and stories and songs are the language of the heart
When you are right, everything around you is right, for the beautiful flow that is inside your heart has the capacity to spread its fragrance of oneness-light all around you.
Your heart is able to see things that your eyes aren't able to.
A new heart for a New Year, always!
A new challenge keeps the brain kicking and the heart ticking.
I'm not afraid of love. I love love. My heart loves love too. That's what hearts naturally do. Love. They are not meant to be caged and protected. They are not meant to be locked up. Birds are happiest when they are free from a cage and singing. So is your heart.
Make time for your passions. Pursue them with a depth of heart that you find nowhere else in your life. Your intention can simply be to enjoy your passion or to make a career out of it but whatever you do make sure that it makes your heart happy.
I heard that I am your biggest disappointment,yet, in my heart, I know and feel that I am the greatest version of myself ever and celebrate myself each and every day
Give your all in the Here and Now , with all of your heart
Scared but still dare to follow my heart
Walking and looking at the stars with you, wondering what our futures holds. treasures kept safe in our hearts to cherish forever. I miss those days
Scary to be vulnerable, to open your heart but, oh, the out of this world feeling as you savor the pleasure!
My heart is my home.
The key to the world is the key to your self and the key to yourself is the key to the world.
My heart is my best asset, my heart is my biggest liability.
There is nothing like passion. The fire that burns in our heart.
But is it not a sort of genius to cut always to the heart?
You cannot conquer the mind of a man, if you do not know his heart and you cannot win over his heart, if so you do not know his mind.
He came to the conclusion that it was because there were some things you remembered with your head, like numbers, and other things you remembered with your heart, like shapes, colours, and shadows. He was a heart-memory type.
The heart is a sacred home.
Savor the moments in life that make your heart glow. Chase after and find the moments that will take your breath away. In the end, it is only those milestones on life's journey that matter.
Life is amazing beautiful when your vision flows through your heart before your eyes.
Follow your heart and go with the flow".
Autumn is hereand I am in love.My heart has taken residence in my mind.I pick the crisp ochre leaves and put them in my pocket.I am in love.
Don't let a cruel word escape your mouth. There's no greater sin than breaking a heart.
Failure should be archived in head, not heart!
The love in your heart is greater than all the stars the sky could even hope to have. Hold onto that love, and it will take you higher than the stars themselves.
If you wish to be happy, listen to your heart.
Everyone has a heart, but not everyone listens to another's
She placed her hand on her chest and thought, 'So this is what the poets write about'.
The words you speak reveal the heart you have.
Let me get lost in the mysteries of your heart.
With the wind of love, let your heart dance like a flower.
Win the heart with love and win the hate with kindness.
Your life should reflect your heart.
Lead with your heart. The rest will follow.
Listen to what speaks to your heart.
Create from the heart.
I think today is a day for the heart. What do you think?
Nothing is sweeter than being unapologetically you. Don't live your life just to impress others. Reveal your truth, Express your love, Live your dreams.
When the heart hurts, tears find their way.
Speak from the heart and feel your tension melt away.
As long as it comes from the heart, in the end, it will be good.
Pour your heart onto the page.
Write truthfully, write from the heart, and your words will live.
The heart of a story gives it life.
Write from the heart. always.
Listen when your heart speaks.
We spend so much time trying to change others - in part - because we do not deeply believe in and embrace ourselves as we already are. And so more often than not we do not learn to trust and utilize our gifts and power whole-heartedly enough to pursue and fulfill our own passions, purpose and possibilities.
You may not able to hear the song of your heart but the universe can.
Even if all our senses fail to function - eyes turn blind and ears fail to listen - the heart will still listen, see and beat.
When your heart is calm and filled with love, you will not be touched by stress or anxieties.
When wisdom overrides, our heart produces immense ideas with solution
Home is where the love is and where the heart wants to dwell with ease.
That's what it means to be an American. To be free to love who and what you want, and to keep a lot in your heart at once.
Within every heart's Winter sleeps the promise of Spring.
Everything is talking to you. If you have a listening heart, you will be able to hear it.
I am not sure that you can be taught how to love. In many ways it is innate - just watch and see what small child effortlessly does. But you can be invited to it and reminded of it.
I love you not because I need you, but because you have created a place in my heart for you.
Be a song in someone's heart.
Go for the love that sets you free, not the love that destroys you from inside.
There is no real victory unless it shares the righteousness of that man's heart.
You rewrote the art in my heart.
May the hopes of your heart and dreams of your eyes keep turning into realities. To all women out there: The more you progress, the more humanity progresses.
Words work like keys. When you use them appropriately, you can unlock any locked heart.
The sky has a huge heart open for all clouds even on the gloomiest of days.
XXIV. And kneeling at the edge of the transparent sea I shall shape for myself a new heart from salt and mud
Oh my.!Love can be troubled somber,mournful and yet subtle and precise. Love is a chaotic thing, my dear!
A fruitless year, take a fearless heartOne that blooms late will flourish in the dark
To find your own way in life, start going with all of your heart to find the beauty of life.
The most beautiful girl on earth is the one with a golden heart
When we find money in the street, we happily pick it up, even if it's just a buck, but when we bump into love, we tend to be so picky.
A heart is a bird which can only hear the song of kindness and love.
The power of beauty may move more than a heart. Beauty can move heaven and earth.
Everyone writes with hand, but very few can write with heart
Our heart creates everything from nothing. That is the magical power of love.
Light is not out there. It is in your heart always ready to show you the path.
Every heart blooms with a touch of love.
Donate your blood from your heart to save life. Life will donate you hearts full of love, blood and contentment in return.
We are all exist in an interconnected matrix of life, so the state of your mind and heart affects the whole.
There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.
A true joy in life should be knowing that you have touched the heart of another human being
FATE decides who you meet in your life, your HEART chooses who you want in your life, but your CHOICES decide who will stay
Forgive me," I wrote at the bottom. "I did not think I would break.
Speak to the breeze cautiously during those lonely summer nights.
No moment is too small to claim. Strung together, moments fashion a life.
Be brave enough to never yearnFor that you cannot hold closeIn your heart forever.Tread lightly, cherish compassionAnd live in the moment without fear.
People may not like you, but that's cool because your heart doesn't beat from their liking. You can't live to please everyone, you're not a puppet
I think the biggest achievement of my life is that I followed my heart when I knew what it wanted, and had faith in destiny when I didn't know what it held.
To have been where you have beenAnd to still have joy,Dazzling in your heart,Now there's a thing to make the whole world smile.
Open the doors of your heart and they will come.And for every cruel arrow,Sweet caresses of delirium alsoTo nourish your soul.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eye.
Pursue what catches your heart rather than what catches your eye.
Pursue what catches your heart rather than what catches your eyes.
A man that knows your worth doesn't need to be told how to treat you. That's a given! You won't have to question his feelings, his motives, nor his intentions. How will I know? You ask. See, he will freely show you how he feels and prove it consistently. If you're settling for anything less than what you deserve. Then, maybe you don't even know your worth.
The more we listen to our hearts, the better our hearts' message comes through loud and clear and the more likely we are to be able to follow what our heart is telling us.
Today, is the beginning of your futureso be as creative as your heart desires in designing your life map.
Beauty of your love-filled smile created a mark on the stone wall of my heart, I can erase it never.
In every journey comes a moment... one like no other. And in that moment, you must decide between who you are... and who you want to be.
It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be.
The greatest help oft comes in harm's disguise, to those with trusting hearts and open eyes.
One's options in this world are as vast as the horizon, which is technically a circle and thus infinitely broad. Yet we must choose each step we take with utmost caution, for the footprints we leave behind are as important as the path we will follow. They're part of the same journey - our story.
This life is but a brief tenure, one of many perspectives a spirit must experience in the quest for eternity.
To light a candle is to cast a shadow
speak hard, steal the air.
Every age is fed on illusions, lest men should renounce life early and the human race come to an end.
It is our time, our task and our destiny - from "Opoponax Dreams
I searched my mind for the right visualization. I knew it had to start with what I put in my head. That is where all my accomplishments are formed.
Stories of Fantasy are nothing more than the retelling of our own triumphs and sad, sad tragedies ... Tod LangleyI have that painted on my office wall and love to stare at it.
I think there comes a point when the outcome of a battle is inevitable but the fighting has not ended. Then the enemy becomes exhaustion and pain. A common enemy. Does the soldier holding in his entrails and facing the death reaper, care any longer what he fought for? said Quain.(From The General's Legacy)
The Imagination of the Mind is the Treasury that although liable to theft, never ceases to grow.
In this he saw that Ogion had been right: the shadow could not draw on his power, so long as he was turned against it.
She looked at him. Amazed by his certainty that this would all turn outfine. Humbled that he had any faith in Her after years of abuse at herhand. Perplexed by the love her mistreatment didn't destroy.~ Angels Unaware
You cannot blame our decisions on anyone, Moriah. They were all made byyou, alone.Clarion, to MoriahAngels Unaware
She despised weakness, especially her own. She'd seared most of heremotional needs with the white-hit iron of self-reliance andindependence years before.~Angels Unaware
Those who believe in it are the ones who find it.
Those who believe in it are the ones who find it
Nowhere on Earth was stupidity prized anymore.
Some thought magic came from the mind, others the soul, or the heart, or the will.
I didn't want to be different, even among the different.
I am just a broken soul wearing a person as a costume.
Then Tak looked upon the stone and it was trying to come alive, and Tak smiled, and wrote All things strive.And for the service the stone had given, he fashioned it into the first Troll, and delighted in the life that came unbidden.
Natural isn't the same as right. Normal isn't the same as moral. Everyone deserves a say in what happens to the world.
For the mind of man alone is free to explore the lofty vastness of the cosmic infinite, to transcend ordinary consciousness, to roam the secret corridors of the brain where past and future melt into one... And universe and individual are linked, the one mirrored in the other, and each contains the other.
You sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve
It was meant to be, two trolls living in a tree.
Love can open like a flower out of even the hardest places.
Stories are like islands, go out exploring and you're bound to get lost fantastically.
Do not think me a maiden who needs saving from a dragon. I am the dragon, and I will set the world aflame.
All that is gold does not glitter.Not all those who wander are lost:The old that is strong does not wither.Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
The seed of the gift may come, but a seedling that isn't nourished dies quickly.
The fact that you can't see how much you're worth makes you worth so much more." She opened her mouth once, her brow bunched, but nothing came out. She didn't know the words to ask. I continued. "A diamond doesn't know how much it's worth; it's just beautiful because it exists.
the shadows may come and engulf your world, but if you look hard enough you'll always see that spark in the abyss leading you back to the light and the next adventure waiting to be had
It was as if I had been following a narrow trail, and had suddenly realized that at any time I could leave it and strike out cross-country.
Even the darkest minds can be overcome with compassion
Look what we've done so far. We're pretty good at the impossible.
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
There was something severed and rough about her, something tainted and, yet, at the same time those jagged pieces were the makings of something fearsome. She'd wanted to become someone the Senate would fear, why not shatter the sky?
Life is a fantasy.
Being on the edge is always worse than going through.
The only things worth seeing are beyond what you can actually see.
Choose well how to live the next moment.
There are people who can never go to Fantastica," said Mr. Coreander, "and others who can, but who stay there forever. And there are just a few who fo to fantastica and come back. Like you. And they make both world well again.
Fiction is just a mirror of reality for the most part. Many things that happen in fiction don't even happen here. But as far as pain and sadness. Joy and love, life and death, it's all real here. Here it's real.
pulling a great substance from a higher height whilst leaning on a slippery ground with the mentality of having the substance whilst standing is a thought of fantasy. You may only result in falling with the substance
In an ideal world, he'd simply scrape the surface of his bottomless courage, carelessly slip off his horse, scratch his massive balls, and then stroll over to the Lair in his own good time. But this wasn't an ideal world, Rawley's courage reservoir was barely a puddle, and at that particular moment he had precious little below the belt worth scratching!
It is only by choice that our true nature is revealed.
We are all of the same substance, the same life. Though there are many differences between us, those are merely the shadows that delineate our boundaries. Our light is the same.
I'll make my own magic
I'll make my own magic'" - A.D.Y.Howle
I have found the more fantastic the setting, the more truthful the confessions.
I am exploring the beautiful world.
I know have lived, so many times, that the only thing I have left to remember is my writing, cause every single moment in life it's already written.
Not getting a straight answer is a straight answer.
No one can take, nor steal what they did not give. They don't have power that role like that!
Darkness is an uncomfortable place, but that is where stars are made.
You must walk on water, especially if you don't know how to swim.
The Church should be more concerned about the hearts of the lost rather than the comforts of the saved.
A tree that is planted by the riverside blossoms all through because its environment has taking it beyond the realm of seasons.
Each of us will be remembered, either by those close to us or by those who have benefited from the greater good which we have done.
There will be a billion people out there, who will say you can't do it,Just make sure that you are not in that billion people.
Never stop and never sit!Work hard and stay fit!Success will come one day,To those who dream and never quit!
A bird must overcome its fear of heights before it can rule the skies.
Be Positive is not just a blood type.
The pain in your muscles and the sweat in your brow after doing a work the hard and honest way make you feel proud of yourself!
You can lock a lion up in a room, if you want to, but you'll still hear it growling and clawing to get out.
Solving a complicated problem can be frustrating. You can have good problem solving skills, but sometimes a problem seems like it has no solution. Nevertheless, never give up.
Discomfort is the sign, you are on right track.
The calmest part of the storm is not in its eye, but in your own soul.
The truth no matter how hard it is to bear, must be accepted and confronted head on because it is real. Businesses and people who accept truth soar.
Is your life story the truth? Yes, the chronological events are true. Is it the whole truth? No, you see and judge it through your conditioned eyes and mind - not of all involved - nor do you see the entire overview. Is it nothing but the truth? No, you select, share, delete, distort, subtract, assume and add what you want, need and choose to.
Don't spend your life believing a story about yourself that you didn't write that's been fed to you - that simply you've accepted, embedded and added to. Let the story go and there beneath is the real you...and your unique gifts, heart and path that await you.
Wall your life, guard your heart and mind your mind! A life without a wall least blocks something! A mind without a wall accepts anything at all!
Good managers don't set a goal to increase efficiency, but rather an implementation of business process improvements that result in higher efficiency as well.
Just because you may be a Genious, does not mean you are Smart.
There are so many people who though can fight life and win greatly, yet they have imprisoned their own true strength and they just beg at the feet of defeat and miserable life, knowingly or unknowingly, at the expense of their true purpose! Awake whilst you have life and do something noble with all our might now!
A star on its worst day shines brighter than the moon on its best day.
Being an entrepreneur is a mental job...It takes patience! YOU are doing more motivation to yourself than anyone on this planet.
Everyone you meet won't wish you success that's why you work for it and give your life your best.
He who doesn't want to face his challenges shall always face challenges!
He who doesn't want to face his or her challenges shall always face challenges!
The way you eat defines how you look to yourself, but the way you speak defines how you look to others.
Every second you think meaningless, makes your minutes less productive and take you hours behind
The whole journey of life has been broken down into bits: days! Day by day we live life! Day by day we live and leave something behind; something good or something bad! Something mediocre or something noble! Until you know how to use your day, you may end your days and ponder over your days; how you used them and how you wasted them!
It is impossible for those that tried and kept trying to fail. How can they fail when they have not given up in the task?" N.K.David
Thunder is noise to a pessimist but music to an optimist.
Growth is there for everybody, but it is not everybody who 'grows'! So many people grow to stop growing, but aging never stops for mankind until we come to the ebb of our days! Grow in something as you grow and leave something unique!
When you mess up-fix it, when you fail-fall forward and learn, when you suffer loss-heal and always pay it forward
If adventurers were cowardly, no one would have crossed the nations; if sailors were fearful, no one would have crossed the oceans; if pilots were gutless, no one would have crossed the skies.
when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?'I decided I'm going to live---or at least try to live---the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.
Courage lightens distress, hope alleviates grief, doubt aggravates affliction, fear worsens anguish, worry magnifies misery, and faith overthrows despair.
Cut anyone and everyone out of your life that makes you feel small, hurt, humiliated, stupid, worthless, etc. do it swiftly and violently and without remorse.
If you can't build with them, don't chill with them
I've never pondered my own life until I started watching fictional ones fight for theirs.
If you have life, smile and pursue life! Don't keep your smile; keep smiling! We only need just one great thing in life, and that is life! All else are mere wants to gratify and beautify life. The real beauty of life is in having life and knowing what real life is all about!
If you seek success, serve others. If you seek immortality give. Serve or give your time, skills, talent or gift. In the end, what you leave behind are trails of the lives you changed and the hearts you touched.
A reader Is a writer.
Things go wrong for a purpose. Just know the purpose, and just understand how to distinctively use the purpose for a great purpose!
Culture is an identity and identity is a weapon which can work its way around strong foundations decaying them from the inside with the help of wrecking beliefs known as superstitions. However, every culture must have a superstition without which its uniqueness is lost.
Life is too short for shitty sex and bad relationships. So go find someone who fucks you right and treats you how you deserve to be treated.
If you're to choose to paint your life today... What will it be? Remember, you're the artist, not the canvas.
As I watched the sun began its daily routine, casting golden hue and illuminating cities, I wondered, what an exemplary way to start my daily routine?
When you apply that gift you possess that comes so easily to you and can be used anywhere, anytime to help someone else; maybe your family, your community, your city, state, country or the world in general... that is your PURPOSE.
Stay strong, be a warrior and keep moving forward under any and all conditions.
You were a warrior, you are a warrior, you will always be a warrior!
Don't give up...easy to say. But if you subscribe to this attitude you will always be in the position to succeed.
Visionaries are hyper-focused to make sure there dreams come through. Be a visionary!
I wake up everyday with an intention of delivering my masterpiece... nothing less
Great moments are full of naked vulnerability, words merely reflect a primal or instinctual footprints that leaves trails of dust for those brave enough to follow
Put fourth your best effort in whatever you do...it may be your one and only shot.
Practice honest self-reflection to learn and better who you are
Practice honest self believe to learn and to better yourself.
Life with through punches at you and sometimes knock you down. Learn to take the hit ,but more importantly learn to get back up and keep punching every single day!
No shortcuts, no letups, no compromise, keep moving forward under any and all conditions!
The truth is no one should hold you at a higher standard than yourself
We all have set-backs, use yours as fuel to burn your desire and dedication.
Pour good into your children and they will become some flavor of right
Be the one to stand out in the crowd,Be the one to go where they'd rather not.Beautiful things don't beg for a chance to glowThey throw out their lights and just shine out loud!
Learn from stars; when dark times try to dull your sparkle, shine.
Whether you believe you can or you believe you can't, you are correct.
Life doesn't happen to you, it happens FROM you.
Only having valued a thing, can you truly be thankful. You can not be sincerely thankful for what you have not valued.
People always start with vigor, deep aspirations and inspirations, but things that happen as we journey and our reactions towards such things, fantasies and realities, determine the real robustness of our staying power and what distinctive thing we are able to do in reality with our vigor, aspirations and inspirations in the end!
The size of your storm determines the size of your rainbow.
A butterfly is a caterpillar who never gave up on his dream to fly.
The word impossible says I'm possible
As the state of mind, as the efficiency. Time is only a relative factor
In life you have friends and enemies, both can motivate you to be better.
Moving on sometimes is the best way to take all the bricks that life throws at you, and building a castle to chillax
Insomnia is the act of pushing through sleep to achieve the art of insane creativity.
Practice makes better and prayer makes perfect. The more we do, the easier it gets, and all the while praying perfects us in the art.
Smile more. Frown less. Give it your all. Give it your best.
It is not the difficulty of achieving greatness that stops us but the fear of being great.
If at first you don't succeed, tweak it before you toss it.
Anything I can do, you can do better.
There are no unresourceful people, only those who choose not to care about the results.
There are things we all know about but we don't think they are important.Like hurting while seeing your share of love and attention going to someone else but smiling at it because you tell yourself that maybe they deserved it more.No. You deserved it.What makes you think you don't?
Sadly, we can't live forever. But we can write something that will.
Do not despise the water droplets that you receive, soon it will be a river.
Awaken your mind from the deep sleep of ancient mysticism and make it self-conscious - power will come, glory will come, goodness will come and everything that is excellent will come.
Rejection allowed me to appreciate the beauty of acceptance.
You don't have INSOMNIA. You're a writer with an unfinished book!
Surround yourself with people that love you and accept you exactly for who and what you are. The only explanation you owe is the one you give to yourself, for not living your authentic life with the love and purpose you were meant to live.
Every girl's beauty, whether it's inside or outside is a masterpiece.
People who want to sit around, star gaze and talk about their dreams are my favourite kind of people.
...but I am only one, and if I can make a difference, so can you...
It's not always about fixing what is broken. Sometimes it's about starting over and creating something new.
I was looking down the road of "life gone by" and I realized this road of life is not as long as it looks. Travel with caution and maximize every mile. It can be a beautiful journey.
Excuses cost you more than they buy you.
I was sitting, starring into the sky with a tear in my eye thinking: what a beautiful world that the MAKER has allowed us to enjoy for a moment - not to destroy - to enjoy. So let us remove the strife, seize the moments we are blessed with and love this life.
The person I am today would like to thank the person I was 5 years ago for not giving up. You're awesome!
Make your desire for a better life stronger than your desire to stay in misery.
Not all broken things need to be fixed.
If you want a new life you need to hurry up and close the door on your old life.
There might come a day when you will have to fly alone. Don't be afraid. Your wings will take you to ridiculously beautiful places that you never knew existed.
To everybody who didn't believe in me, thank you. Because of you, I had to find my own way, and I did.
Your opinion of me is nothing more than a made up illusion of what you want me to be in order to justify your own insecurities.
I AM strong today because weak didn't suit me. I AM beautiful inside today because being ugly was horrible. I AM kind, generous and loving today because I've been poor, broken and unloved. I AM who I am today because of my yesterdays and I don't regret one single day.
You sure as hell didn't come this far to only come this far. Keep going.
One day you're going to look back and wonder why you wasted so much time worrying about things that never mattered much.
Success means leaving everything behind and standing persistently towards our aims with great determination.
The secret of winning any prize is knowing that your own treasure and potential is equal to it... and worthy of it.
Thorns do not keep a rose from blooming, neither should obstacles keep you from success.
If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.
Live life like a Legend, and society will start acknowledging you as a great Entrepreneur !
Almighty has choose me as an agent for doing something great for the mankind and society, and that is why I believe that whatever happens is always for the good because it not me who is doing everything, it is the super #energy that is governing my energy...
Make a little effort to give up your insignificant quarrels and eventually a better world will follow.
If you have to slog your ass everyday to achieve your goals, you are not doing something RIGHT!!!
Brave cubs become fierce lions.
Your talent is a seed; cultivate it, and in no time, you will harvest success.
The greatest weight a bird has to drop before it can fly is fear.
Singing in a storm silences thunder's threats.
Sometimes a step back or away from an idea, task or project brings even more perspective, insight and clarity.
Try something new out of your comfort zone. If you lose you will get an experienced, and If you win you will get an achievement.
Teetering on the edge of comfortable brings us closer to ourselves and each other.
On the path to greatness, life teaches you to walk with stones in your shoes.
Fantasize that everything around you is bringing you LUCK!
Seeing either Obstacles or Opportunities is a CHOICE!
The last 30 minutes before you sleep is the time when the most fertile land of your subconscious is accessible! What you SOW is what you REAP!
If the light within you is greater than the darkness around you, you are a star.
We just move from one addiction to the other, choose your addiction!
Questions can either bond you or liberate!!! Its all depends on what you ask.
Others behavior towards us is a reflection of our own behavior, it's a MIRROR.
The Outer world is just a feedback of your INNER WORLD!
Its not about reaching a Peak but to develop an attitude of discovering new Peaks in Life!
Peak Performance is not a destination but a journey!
How you respond in the 'valley' determines how quickly reach the Peak.
Perceptions may not be true, but its true for YOU!
Shine your light so bright, and no one will need a telescope to see you.
A bird does not give up flying today because it couldn't find any worms yesterday.
An oak tree is just a small nut that persevered against the taunts of doubt and fear.
Rainbows are birthed in storms, not in sunshine.
When everybody is planting apples a visionary plants oranges.
A lion will only retreat if you stare it in the eyes; likewise, so will fear.
Count your smiles, not your frowns.
When our expectations differ from better, we think bitter, but that is not better! Stay better, think positive, no matter what; there is always a better lesson to learn!
When you join teams that changes lives, yours will be the first.
If you want to learn to do something right, watch someone who has done it successfully.
Either you create million excuses or you create million rupees. But you cannot create both.
Getting rich takes focus, courage, knowledge, expertise, 100% of your effort, a never give-up attitude and a deep desire & commitment.
A star that is determined to shine cannot be hidden, not even by darkness.
If you are going through hell, keep walking until you reach heaven.
When excellence becomes a habit, success becomes a lifestyle.
There is nothing so special or boring nor there are any weak or strong things in this world. It is we and our surficial perception that creates these types of environment
Blow by blow a giant is knocked down.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win. Once you give up, you'll have to start all over again. Success take time, especially when you need it. The one is patient remains undefeated.
Find the alignment between your gifts, skills, experiences and people's needs. Therein is your secret to tap into the unknown
You have first flown with your mind to every goal you have ever achieved.
Don't expect success to fall from the sky if it didn't evaporate from the sweat of your hands.
Reach for the stars, not your fears.
Seeds are proof that the greatest growth takes place in the dark.
A flower can only grow through concrete if it believes in itself, not its obstacles.
The uglier the caterpillar the lovelier the butterfly.
A bird that fears turbulence will never know how high it can fly.
If an ant carries an object a hundred times its weight, you can carry burdens many times your size.
A seed today is a forest tomorrow.
Whenever you feel like giving up, think about why you started in the first place. If that still matters, so does the need to keep going.
Don't get too lost in consumerism or materialism. As for ownership, the ultimate test of it is were you born with it and can you take it with you when you leave?
Use the arrows failure throws at you to hunt for success.
Don't be afraid to take risks, for you take them every day without realizing it. I'd rather fail at trying something new or different than to lose just for not trying at all.
Harsh winters precede pleasant springs.
You were only meant to be a stepping stone on my journey across the sea.
A diamond is just a rock that refused to break under heat and pressure.
Unapologetically be yourself everyday in every way.
Life hands us storms so we can paint rainbows.
You must love. When you love, you have self control. When you have self control, you have freedom. Freedom leads to intimacy sharing. Remember you are responsible for your own choice, decision and limit.
On your way to the promised land are many jebutites, liarlites, thievites, betrayalites, backbiterlites, envylites, jealousites, parasites, unbelieverlites, doubterlites but only determination will take you there.
I believe love is the most misunderstood concept in the world. You can buy your wife the most expensive house and car and still have a horrible marriage. A lot of people have beautiful houses but they can't live in them because they spend more money and time on building a house than they spend on building their relationship.
Men....do you have a plan for your business? Tell your wife, be honest. If you lock her out of your plan, she will become malfunction.
I don't think you will crawl when you have legs to walk. I don't think you will walk when you have wings to fly.
I don't have wings, but I believe I can fly and touch the sky.
In a marriage, it is not about how who made the money, it is about how it is distributed.
You have abundant dexterity and the power to do such wonderful things in you and it is only you who can bring out the marvelous works within to reality to the awesome amazement of all. You shall always think about them and they shall always be within you until you take steps to make them happen in reality. Awake and do something!
Ladies, a man doesn't want respect, he needs it. A man does not need love. There is no where it is written that a man needs love. They simply needs respect. A man interprets respect as love.When a woman tells a man that she loves him, it doesn't mean anything to him, but when a man knows you respects him, that means a whole lot to him.
Choosing a life partner for marriage should not be taken without a careful and prayerful consideration, if you want to be and remain happy in it.. You can't just jump into it.
Anything that is wrong in your life is right because if there is no wrong there you can't find right.
Before you try to be like anyone else, find out if you are your true self, because if you try to be like anyone else including me, that means you do not know who you are. Selah! The day yourself will rise, the people that you want to be like will not be there.
Success not maintained is worst than Poverty inheritted. Riches without maintenance is worst than inheritted Poverty.
The strength of your growth depends on your leader. If the person you are taking counsel from is weaker than you, you are on your way down.
On your way to the promised land are many circumstances, only determination will take you there.
If your situation is too tough, don't go back, go forward. You die quicker when you go backward. Die later when you go forward.
Every good and perfect gift comes from above not from abroad.
If you want to be inspired, don't look for who has expired. Look for someone to lift up your vision, look for someone who can make the baby in you live not someone who can cause you abortion or miscarriage. Look for whose vision can challenge your vision. Look for whose story is a true story not a fiction.
I don't care what name you called me before, give me a new name. My old name is not important but my new name is very important. Did they call you Barren? your new name is pregnant.
Brothers the bible never says that you should live with your mother, it says leave your mother and father and unite with your wife.
The less you know, the less your children can learn from you, the more you know, the more they can also learn from you..
Never let your fears ever stop you from living your life
Dance is the timeless interpretation of life.
One step, two steps, three steps; like winds of time experience joy of centuries, when movements become revelations of the dance of destinies.
Perfume is the scent that pours out of a flower's soul when crushed.
Persevere like a seed; even when people try to bury you, flourish.
Behind every problem in life lies a purpose.
Be the greatest thing that has ever happened to you.
If a flower can flourish in the desert, you can flourish anywhere.
A mighty storm is inconsequential when facing a mighty ship.
Storms pass by on their way to get all the colors needed to paint your rainbow.
Step up your game and success will step up to you.
The word try, means nothing. There's no such thing as trying to do something. The moment you begin a task, you're doing it. So just finish what you're doing.
Surround yourself with as many highly qualified people as possible in the various areas of specialty who are passionate not only about business but more importantly about life and who support you in the pursuit of your passion and purpose.
Make dance the mission every moment seeks to accomplish.
Who needs coffee when you have passion?
Awake! there is always a reason to give up and there is always a reason to soldier on unrelentingly. Don't give up so easily on a true purpose just because you perceive an arduous errand. Arise for you can do something to overcome something! Look beyond what you look and awaken your inner man. Move! And you shall surely see a fabulous end!
Keep your relationship private but don't hide the fact you're in one.
If a flower perseveres through concrete, you can persevere through anything.
A rainbow earns its colors in the storm.
Age never matters when there is a will to learn more will to learn better.!!Always remember, every success story begins with a START.!!Anyone can desire but there are few who DESERVE.!!Anyone can desire, be the one who DESERVE.!!
The sweetest fruits grow at the top of a tree so that only those who deserve them can reach them.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
A bird that does not break out of its shell will die in its egg.
The darkness of the storm determines the brightness of the rainbow.
A butterfly is a caterpillar which refused to give up its dreams to fly.
Responsibility entails that we demand and work for the change or transformation we yearn for in our society instead of wishful thoughts.
Bill Gates wasn't born rich but he wasn't poor either even before he discovered Microsoft, he was just waiting for a connecting flight to the boulevards of greatness.
Be like stars; instead of cursing the darkness, shine.
Stars are born out of dark moments.
Fortune hides behind action.
I felt like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders until I REALIZED I had the power to take it off
Use everything you have to become what they said you couldn't
Whatever you cannot commonize, you cannot conquer, commonize it to conquer it.
Life is never a static journey. Life goes on! Life is about step taking. For everything I need to know about life, I need to take a step
When the drum beat comes to an end, you shall not hear the drum beat again, but you shall remember how it sounded, and you shall understand clearly how you should or should not have danced to the drum beat
Life is brighter than we think and better as we are. We just have to open our eyes.
When insecurity starts to rub off on you, you begin to lose a sense of belonging.
Extraordinary storms turn average seamen into extraordinary sailors.
So what else have they said you can't do and how many of those have you believed?
If records refuse to be broken, shatter them.
Never ever wish to be SUCCESSFUL like SOMEONE else. You don't know their STORY. You are aware of their STRUGGLE. Behind that make-up, people hide their SCARS and injuries. Behind those expensive sunglasses, they hide their TEARS. And behind that positive outlook and attitude, they hide their FEARS. Be yourself. Write your own story.
Breaking through the glass ceiling is only possible if you are stronger than glass.
The bigger the bricks critics throw at you the bigger the palace you are going to build.
Your mindset determines your reality. Think positive, Act positive and Live positive.
Your day was never bad. If you think you had a bad day, check your mindset!
Don't quit. A wind from nowhere could turn it.
The repulsive actions of the person who abused you do not identify you.
Do what no one else can do and you will become what no one else can become.
when potential greatness meets with actual greatness, the future is inspired with hope.
the severe pain and the great trials we go through teach us the real essence of great joy
the sever pain and the great trials we go through teach us the real essence of great joy
The keys of happiness and success lie beyond your fear fences. Jump over the fences NOW
No need for miracles to do the impossible if we have beliefs,will and insistence
The high cost of greatness is better than the low cost of mediocrity.
When we can overcome our own personal battles, we can live confidently in situations we would have otherwise been too weak to handle.
When a cycle in your life repeats, you should troubleshot where the glitch is. Find the glitch and you will find your purposed journey.
Only winners have fans, No one care about losers
Love is the only power that heals, connects and includes all.....not by force, but by grace.
come on, you shouldn't continue to disturb your mind with everything. Avoid thinking about anything at all, leave something, keep something and think about something!
If you cannot afford yourself any luxuries for the time being, at least offer yourself the one priceless luxury no one can take away from you - your time
Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.
A star earns the right to shine the day it is born.
You've got to know what your magic is. How else will you fully share your gifts with others and enrich the world for these precious years that you live?
A man in his early prime contemplates on life, shattered by the distortions of society he gazes ahead in time. There were vows of happiness and fairy tale beginnings. Now there is nothing of that sort; now there is nothing that started the tales so bright. It's after all this while that he understands why fairy tales begin with 'once upon a time'...
Visible obstacles shine a light on hidden opportunities.
Don't wait, just sweat.
Believe in yourself, not in your critics.
You will never reach the stars without courage to lose sight of the ground.
The rangers of the night stay strangers in the eye of time.
Fifty year old wealthy man resents twenty five year old middle class man, without recalling that 25 years back even he was a poor man.
It is impossible to make your own luck without the ingredient of hard work.
The real value of money is never the value of money but the value money can acquire. The real value of our lives is not just the value of our lives but, the distinctive value our lives can build in the end!
The more we dig this world, the more prisoners we become
Trial. (Fail.) (Succeed.) Repeat.
Wind either breaks a tree or teaches it to dance.
A bird does not achieve its highest potential inside its shell.
Pain is the seasoning that gives pleasure its flavor.
You become the master of what you master.
The dark skies of despair are no match for the bright skies of hope.
A step towards what you fear is a mile towards mastering it.
The thorny path to greatness is better than the rosy path to mediocrity.
If you are doing something good, never do it free
The louder your I can the closer your I've done it!
Believe in yourself, for the universe believes in you.
a paradox; the best opportunities we want are the best opportunities we miss; the best opportunities we wanted, are the best opportunities we missed and the best opportunities we seek for stay far away from us. In the end, we only settle for any opportunity. Life!
We only fall on our face to learn how to rise on our feet.
Turn your adversity into building blocks for the palace of your dreams.
You cannot walk in a great man's shoes without getting sores on your feet.
if you think you know all that somebody knows, you shall least know all that somebody knows. If you think you least know all that somebody knows, you shall really know all that somebody knows.
We yearn for opportunities, we pray for opportunities and we seek for opportunities. The good news is that we meet opportunities. The bad news is that we miss the opportunities only to come to a later realization of missed opportunities.
Failure doesn't mean you have failed. It means you haven't succeeded yet
When you are in harmony with love and positivity, everything you want will be pushed in your direction and given to you.
Dance as the narration of a magical story; that recites on lips, illuminates imaginations and embraces the most sacred depths of souls.
Sometimes in life confusion tends to arise and only dialogue of dance seems to make sense.
Dance to inspire, dance to freedom, life is about experiences so dance and let yourself become free.
Dance is the ritual of immortality.
DANCE - Defeat All Negativity (via) Creative Expression.
What you endured was a sign of what you would become.
She who is a dancer can only sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.
Transcend the terrestrial; surpass the celestial, from nature's hands when you receive the sublime pleasures of dance.
Dance is that delicacy of life radiating every particle of our existence with happiness.
Excellence in obscurity is better than mediocrity in the spotlight.
The life you wish you had will come by working like you never have.
If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.
One who conquers fear cannot be conquered by anyone.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
if you cannot find the distinctive opportunities you want, you can create the distinctive opportunities you want but you can't find!
Small steps of faith add up to great leaps of success.
Audience of angels descend in the ambiance reciting praises in your glory, when you wear your dance shoes, when you arrive at the stage and with every step you take beneath your feet heaven moves. That is the power of dance.
Excellence is the best ink with which to make your mark in the world.
Carving your own path gets you to greatness quicker than following someone else's trail.
One who conquers fear conquers his greatest enemy.
Picking up the pieces of a shattered dream is better than having no pieces to pick up at all.
The worst thing that can happen to you as a young person, is to refuse to grow up. You refuse to grow up when you believe that someone else must take responsibility for your life and life circumstances.
You cannot force a person to respect you like you cannot buy love but you can refuse anyone who doesn't do these things freely a pass into your life.
Confident sheep overcome insecure wolves.
You cannot water your own plant if you are waiting on other people's approval to do so. Stop living your one and only life waiting for validation, start seeking your own inner voice to guide you.
Fear must die for your dreams to live.
Some birds learn how to fly only after falling off of a cliff.
The lonely road to greatness is better than the crowded road to mediocrity.
You become greater than what you conquer within.
Today's tears are an investment into tomorrow's smiles.
I'd say that people give up because they don't know the possibilities that are out there for them, nor do they realize their potential.
Use your tears to water the garden of your dreams.
Never give up on your dreams for someone else.'Cos Someday they might leave you but your dreams won't.
You don't win battles you walk away from.
Rise in your mind and you will rise in your world.
One does not become strong lifting feathers.
Dancing in the rain is better than despairing in the storm.
In our deepest valleys we are strengthened to climb our highest mountains.
O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being and dance are one.
An egg's true value is only known when it is broken.
O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being becomes dance.
If spirit is the seed, dance is the water of its evolution.
Scars are your greatest medals in life.
When a dancer performs, melody transforms into a carriage, expressions turn into fuel and spirit experiences a journey to a world where passion attains fulfillment.
Limit not to only five, when the divine gifts the supreme sixth; the sense of dance
The world within you is of greater consequence than the world around you.
The best way to overcome your weaknesses is to turn them into strengths.
Major breakthroughs often come after major breakdowns.
Don't settle for a star when you can have the whole sky.
An ambitious amateur will rise above a complacent master.
Stumbling towards greatness is better than sprinting towards mediocrity.
You become what you think, not what others think of you.
Life is a stage: perform your masterpiece.
Conquering hills today prepares you for conquering mountains tomorrow.
Do it or not, but do.
Describing colors to a blind is what writing is all about.
The only way to move forward is to focus on the good in your life and the good that you are doing for others and yourself. My past has shown me things in life, others and myself that I wouldn't wish upon anyone, but I can choose to pick up the pieces and build a beautiful life for myself and help others to do the same.
Present tears water the gardens of future blessings.
Holding onto your dreams is better than holding onto your nightmares.
I dream of being there,Where the skies lie below,Clouds flow like the endless river,Where all the divinity is before me, with me,And in the shadows yet above all,Above all who choose to hide,I run along the stars,Wake up the ever-glowing sky,And sleep to the sound of the universes beating heart...
Battling wolves today strengthens you for battling lions tomorrow.
Taking a leap of faith is better than taking a leap of doubt.
Rise above your fears and you rise above your world.
Shatter the limits in your mind and you shatter the limits in your life.
Master the art of learning when it is time for you to let go of dead situations. Letting go doesn't always mean the end, sometimes it is the start of something beautiful.
Your original self is worth more than your imitation of someone else.
Sometimes, the answer is right outside your door...so open it & see things in a new light
Quotes is just quotes, cannot change your world if you not do think in that quotes, so just go and do anything...
The higher you rise, the smaller your enemies.
Elevate your mind and you elevate your world.
Your time, energy and words.Three things you can never get back once they've been exchanged. Choose wisely.
Overcoming what frightens you the most strengthens you the most.
Always try to fix what is broken so that when the blessings come, you will be able to receive it. This generation does a lot of right things for wrong reasons.
The beauty that is in you is greater than the ugliness that is around you.
Your darkest fears are the veil between you and your brightest rewards.
Be the person you would want to be friends with.
An eagle does not crawl because it was born to fly.
Unleash the potential that is in another and you unleash the potential that is in you.
Temporary failure will not prevent you from achieving lasting success.
A divided mind cannot conquer a united soul.
Your brightest light will take you to your greatest heights.
Fear Less Dominate More
An ounce of wisdom can earn you a ton of gold.
Pursuing your dreams is the best way of insulating yourself from your nightmares.
When your inner light shines your outer world glows.
Successful people (or soon-to-be success people) never quit, never settle and are never satisfied
Do not work at Walmart expecting to receive your salary from Microsoft.
i WILL reach success because i will not accept anything less
Blaming others for your mistakes, makes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your mistakes, gives you the power to change your life
Failing over and over again is how you learn to succeed over and over again.
A muddied diamond is better than an unsullied pebble.
Find the time everyday, to express what is in your heart. Life affirming choices that lift you up. Everyday,allow your your soul to express its joy at the gift of life. Create, laugh, dance, play, spend time in nature, connect with the Divine, whatever it is, take even a small amount of time to do the things your soul longs to do.
It is in the quiet that you gain perspective when you have to deal with the loud.
Critics are loud, but success is louder.
Stop waiting for someone else to run your life. Get into the driver's seat and choose your destination.
You don't want to just get by, you want to get ahead. You don't want to settle for mediocrity, you want to strive for greatness. You don't want to get lost in the crowd, you want to stand out and lead the charge. Pushing the limits of your potential isn't easy, but it will be worth it.
Blaming others for your mistakes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your mistakes gives you power to change your life.
The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will forever live in people's hearts.
Turn down mediocrity in all its forms!
When you aim for the stars even if you fail you'll be a falling star, and that's wish-fulfilling material.
Today's amateurs are tomorrow's champions.
A drop of faith can create a hailstorm of success.
Progress is hard, achievements are easy, and giving up is easier still.
Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.
A bird that fears falling off of a tree branch is ignorant of its gifts.
If you love somebody, go get them. Deal with the mess later. They are important more than anything.... You don't know what tomorrow will bring.......... and sometimes tomorrow never come ........
The Mustard Seed CharmWith Faith As Small As A Mustard Seed, Then You Can Move Mountains: Nothing Will Be Impossible
Passion to a person is what gas is to a car. Without it, you won't go anywhere!
Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!
Life is INCONCLUSIVE but its about an everlasting FUTURE
Warriors achieve more than worriers.
To Be who you want to Be - Don't Wonder... Just Surrender! -RVM
for me, to say I yet to begin gives me reasons not to look back and see what I have done but ,to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do
Keeping or holding on to a concept shows belief but building or adding to it shows confidence and depth of character.
for me, to say that I am yet to begin gives me the real reason not to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do
Behind your greatest fears lie your greatest rewards.
Loud critics are silenced by loud success.
There shall always be a day and a night until the world meets its ebb and we shall always hope to sleep and wake up to see another day! Such is called life! So many people have life, but, few people are living. We shall continue to exist from dawn to dusk having life and living or just having life!
When people leave you, identify why they left and think about what is left
Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.
Your darkest experiences often lead you to your brightest fortunes.
Suppose that we could close our eyes today and see the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow, we would have never wished to open our eyes again for the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow never ends!
Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.
Never underestimate the value of good friends.
Patience is something I can't wait to have!
Gratitude makes the world a softer, kinder place. It softens that brittle shell of defence. There is always something to be grateful for, no matter how small or simple.
Life is a gift. Accept the sacred existence
You cannot reach the stars feet on the ground.
Starting a business with brother either ends business or ends brotherhood.
There lived a poet in the lands of gold,Wrote along poems unaffected by warmth or cold,His words spoke truth and pen's stroke was bold,His only motive: lives to mould
Love makes you free without an asterisk mark.
You need to get out of your nest in order to fly.
Take the path less traveled and learn from your mistakes. Don't just let life happen around you; control your future. Learn to ask questions, set small goals, and dream of big ones. Absorb any criticism and let it fuel you. Convince others that you are worthy of your dream, and show them that you are willing to put up a damn good fight for it.
Now, I don't smile because I have a perfect life or even because I'm having a perfect day - I smile because that's how I choose to deal with whatever life throws my way.
Everyone holds his or her own key to success and happiness. It's just that sometimes you have to test out a lot of wrong keys first to find the one that fits.
Putting 100% effort into "trying" will always make you successful. With that in mind it's important to remember that the effort part is never easy.
Do we need to wait until the next life to experience true happiness? Of course not; we can experience it now. By making that choice to be happy and optimistic, we can have a little bit of Heaven on Earth.
Everything real is in the present moment. Only here can we find happiness and harmony, feel alive and do something that will change our future. Only here can we be with the people we love, enjoy the things we like and see beautiful places.
Hope is what keeps us hanging on when we feel our rope wearing out. A positive attitude is often the natural result of maintaining that hope.
I've noticed that most of us don't realize how important this moment is. They take it for granted, know it's brief and think that it can't change anything. But I think it can change it all.
If the race isn't over after you have won, then it wasn't your game!
If you want to know whether or not you have had a successful life, think about what people would say about you at your own funeral.
Life is a dark stage on which you were born to shine.
A Genius always admires the choices of the most Confident Fool!
No matter how different you are, your idea is, your art, your writing, your product, your concept, show it to the world. Just do it. Show who you are to the world. This is what you are here to do.
If you don't believe in yourself, who will?
Happiness is a shadow. If you chase it, it moves further away. But if you turn to make others happy, it will follow you. Make others Happy and be Happy.-RVM
To fail at trying is worse than to fail after trying. If we never try, then we never learn.
As we grow and progress in life, a lot of things and people need to be left behind. Not for malice but as a necessity!
Fear doesn't let you fail, it releases you from illusion!
Life is a series of such moments. And making each one matter means you're living your life to the fullest.
It's vital to our survival to be positive.
People regret not achieving enough success in life, they should regret missing many opportunities in life.
Give yourself a break. Embrace and accept yourself for who YOU are. Love yourself and be kind to yourself. See the best in yourself! Be brave and have courage to be comfortable in your own skin. Knowing your self-worth is everything.
You need not to hate most of the people, life already hates them.
The beauty of adversity is that when we hit bottom, the only way to go is up.
Inspect what you expect from others otherwise you only end up disappointing yourself.
Stay the course. Don't tell me about the storms just bring the ship home and dock it.
The journey may be long for those who accept the challenge. And, if you endure the storms along the way the rewards for doing so are that much greater.
Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wishes to die. The same could be said about success. Everybody wants to achieve it but few are willing to pay the price of success.
Do what YOU want to do because if you don't, you are nothing but your own slave.-RVM
Love" is a brilliant defying logic that thrives on human weaknesses!
I am not smart, I pay attention.I am not considerate, I listen.I am not patient, I make time. I'm not lucky, I work hard.
When did your flight plan become a holding pattern, always circling happiness, but never allowed to land? Distracted by in-flight movies, drinks, and snacks, until the fuel runs out. Is this really all there is? Is this what you want out of life?
When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.
Know it from root to fruit
Know from root to fruit
Like an energy even an opportunity cannot be destroyed, if you don't accept, it goes to someone else.
Words give sound to the beauty of Life.
Being a good leader does not require you possessing a fancy title, no more than possessing a fancy title makes you a good leader.
Not only a man without hand is handicapped but also a man without health.
Your heart can be broken, but your soul never bleeds.
If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's.
In the grand scheme of things it makes no difference who is right but rather what's right that counts.
First opportunity is the golden opportunity.
This is not a dirty little secret which was discovered just yesterday. But, if you follow the Golden Rule, good things happen to you and those around you.
Be kind. Be kind to others, be kind to animals, be kind to yourself. Smile at the mailman, pet your dog, buy yourself an ice cream cone. Spreading kindness in this world is the noblest thing a person can do.
When everything seems hopeless, turn your mind toward the three people who mean most to you in this world. Think about what you must mean to them, and from those thoughts of those three people will stem all the hope and meaning you'll need to fight through.
Let your personality be your profit and not your punishment.
Never pass on an opportunity to say thank you or give recognition for a job well done
A pat on the back can often motivate more than currency notes!
My two most unproductive days of the week have always been yesterday and tomorrow. Keeping that in mind, I try to focus majority of my attention on today.
Thought for the day: we have far too many of them. And we prize them too highly; more so than we do the power of silence, mindfulness and pure kindness.
Familiarity is the dagger thrust into the heart of fear.
If you try to be everywhere at once, you won't be anywhere at all.
Life is persisting thing which will never stop, we have to maintain us in all situations.
You jealous souls are primeval without a doubt,Teach yourself to eat better instead of trying to eat one's heart out.
People in your life leave you a rhyme,On leaving they leave a new footprint in the Sands of Time.
And I know few would believe me but belief is what drives a man,If all of us long for the Golden Age, then we all can,Bring the days filled with peace, prosperity, generosity, love and fearless nigh',We all must believe something to survive, I believe in the serene age lost in seasons gone by.
Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start anything that you need to do - it will nourish and sustain you...and others too. Hankering will leave you hungry - or with with heart, head or belly ache - and tends to have or leave a sour or bitter taste too.
Gratitude is the best food to start and sustain you. Hankering creates hunger, unhappiness, bellyache, headache and heartache - and often leaves a bitter taste
The Secrets of' series of books by psychotherapist D. U. Sivri are designed to give you a better outlook on life. The author is an expert and skillfully gets you thinking about your life and how it is unfolding. He challenges you and gives you the tools to build a better life.
Let's burn our masks at midnightand as flickering flames ascend,under the witness of star-clouds,let us vow to reclaim our true selves.Done with hiding and weary of lying,we'll reconcile without and within.Then, like naked squint-eyed newborns,we'll greet the glorious birth of dawn;blinking at the blazing, wondrous colorswe somehow failed to notice before.
When you keep hitting walls of resistance in life, the universe is trying to tell you that you are going the wrong way. It's like driving a bumper car at an amusement park. Each time you slam into another car or the edge of the track, you are forced to change direction.
If you don't put anything in place, do not expect miraculous results to appear.
Awaken each day with the expectation that something wonderful is about to happen.
Life is not complicated or finicky, it will gladly take you anywhere you choose to go.
Peace and love, that's what we all need.
Life is neither misery nor bliss. Life is an empty canvas, paint your life with color of your choice, start with a day. Let horses of your imagination run wild.
Over time, your actions betray your heart - for good or for evil.
You're not a priority if you're an option, you are a percentage. A percentage of that other person's time and effort. The size of the pie never changes, the slices do.
Success is personally defined. It's subjective and it's what YOU decide it will be.
Once you believe that you can do something, there is not a single person in the universe who can convince you otherwise.
Truth is, moments come to an end. That's how memories are created.
Let everyday be an inch closer to worthwhile and an inch away from meaningless.
Consistency builds trust, confidence builds character.
Spare no expense when the investment is thyself.
Don't resent the artist for painting the wrong picture of you after you provided the colors of your character.
The quest of validation is undeniable. Yet let your search begin where it should end, always within. Or seek endlessly.
Success appeals to the eye, but it's the journey that captures the heart.
Value is the unseen reflection in the mirror. If you don't see it, neither will anyone else.
True strength resides in the heart, alongside beauty. So when in distress remember that you are courageously beautiful.
Feeling is to know. Consciously understand that feeling is living.
One size may fit all, but no footprint is the same. The right path for you may be a few steps to the left.
Being passionate and doing good things for the community is always a good choice.
It took me 25 years for me to realize who I am. Now I'm going to use the next 75 years to focus on how I want to be remembered. One quarter down, three to go!
The day I realized that sunshine doesn't satisfy everyone. It gave me an understanding of true contentment, which will always be found internally.
Today's progress, was once yesterday's discussion. Speak aloud, see it through, and most importantly believe!
Life's true test of perseverance is continuing to run after learning that the finish line is only the start to a new race.
A difference of opinion does two things if you allow it, expands the mind and widens the heart.
Love has no limits, which is why we fall impulsively into the depths of our feelings.
Before proving it to someone else, I had to be able to prove it to myself.
Sometimes life is nothing more that a mere constant battle of tug and war between what's best for you and what makes you happy.
The success in the information age depends upon an important strategies and tactics...
Support can come from many, but growth is only achieved by the individual.
In life, friends become family, sometimes they become enemy and enemy becomes motivation.
So many things could happen with a hard work"....
Your past is your story. Your story is your most powerful asset. Embrace it.
Your Life can easily flow and be filled with joy. Embrace the possibilities!
Some people quit when victory is around the corner
Nothing in the Universe exists solely for itself. You are not alive just for the sake of being alive. The purpose of your life is much bigger than your life so if all you think about is your life, then you're missing out on the purpose for your life.
I was ready for huge transformation, emerging from the chrysalis, like the butterfly, a true metamorphosis, alive in all my beauty.
Too many people want to have mountaintop experiences at rock-bottom prices and that just doesn't work. Greatness doesn't come at a discount. If you want true greatness, you have to pay the full price for it.
We are drawn to greatness because there's something about the greatness in others that speaks to us about our own possibilities.
Beware of people who tell you it can't be done. They want to remain on the market alone
Whatever is supposed to make you rich is well within your reach
The goal is essential to getting what you would like." ##
When a protector leaves you, it looks like the end of the world. But you gradually learn to walk by your own feet
Even if everybody says it's impossible, with determination, there is always something you can do. The last thing is to give up without trying
Fate does not expect to be fought and will reward those who dare to fight against it.
Making others better is a core value of a great life.
Opportunity is always coming but never knocks on the door. You have to get up and meet him
Leave some mystery to the world and they will remember you forever.
When I see an arrogant man, I see one less competitor.
Fathers are ironic, they want democracy in their country but dictatorship in their home.
You would not experiencing great change unless you were ready for the transformation. Embrace the new you that's emerging.
You would not be experiencing great change unless you were ready for transformation. Embrace the new you that's emerging.
Only by facing your demons can you stop them from having power over you.
I failed!I went on changing the world without changing myself.
Success sits on a mountain of mistakes
Have your one good cry, pick your chin up, smile, and move on to the positive.
Create an environment that fosters the creative genius within you!
If your expenditure brings you poverty, then you may call yourself a poor but the world will call you a fool.
As a general rule the one who is not easily accessible is more valuable.
Failure is an opportunity to learn again
You can also make your flaws work for you.
Don't fear mistakes, they are your stepping stone to success
Success is just around the corner from difficulty.
WRITERS ARE "SPIRITIAL VENTRILOQUIST" WHO HAVE THE ABILITY TO MAKE PAPER TALK!
THE BROKEN HEART STILL HAS HEART BEATS. THOUGH YOU MAY FEEL LIKE DEATH, YOU ARE STRONGER THAN YOU THINK!
You don't have to finish today, what is important is that you finish. But remember today might be the last day of your life.
Even if you can't win show defeat it can't get it the easy way.
Don't expect it to be given to you. It is there already. Get it if you want it.
The gatekeepers are not there to prohibit you anything, they just want to frighten you away, if you are courageous enough to go through them, they will let you , thinking you are the owner or his so
We often wait for that knock of opportunity, though I've found it's better to just grab a chainsaw and cut open your own fucking door.
If you want to be extremely important in people's lives, give them extremely good services they can't find anywhere else
Don't fail to try because this is how winners roll.
Encouraging words are hands that pool others from the despair of life.
Don't expect others to hand success to you. Create it - with heart, energy and enterprise - and you'll make it come true
Don't lose your time gazing at the spilled milk. There are other cows to milk
Enthusiasm is the elixir of life.
A life lived without borders is a life lived in captivity
Opportunity and risk come in pairs
Don't be afraid to have goals and dreams. Even in the face of haters and those who do not believe in you, don't stop dreaming.
Do not stop pursuing your dreams in the midst of all the difficult situations you find yourself to be in. Instead, set your goals in faith.
Instead of trying to hide yourself from the world, make it your signature trait. Make what most people think to be the worst of you become something your proud of.
Always see your mistakes as a learning curve.
Make your flaw your strength.
Do not pursue a life that looks good. Pursue a life that is good.
Nothing is more compelling than the power of choice. You can choose good over evil and right over wrong. Choose right!
The Bible is the greatest book ever written. It is absolutely amazing the tremendous amount of joy, peace, and success one will experience simply by applying its admonition. If you truly want the Good Life follow the Good Book.
Real hope is a real sense of knowing that your best days are yet to come, so dream on. What you can conceive is what you can achieve.
The metamorphosis of your life begins with your mental appreciation for the cocoon stage of your journey. The adversities, the struggles, the perils of life are what either destroy your motivation or encourage your transformation to become what you were truly born to be. A WINNER!
I've heard it said that a thousand mile journey to success begins with the first step. Anyone feel like taking a walk with me today?
If you only focus on what is, you may never attain what could be. Focus on the possibilities.
Here's how to create an inspired vision for your life: Change the scope of your thinking from seeing is believing to believing is seeing.
Preparation is the pressure valve on a busy schedule.
Live each day with the very best of expectations.
You were meant to go through the pain not live in pain
Forgiving yourself and others gives your spirit freedom
Do not allow the negative experiences of your past to block your future blessings
As a woman when you determine your self-worth, you also determine how powerful you are.
Time is your most valuable asset. Money you can spend, lose, and get back. Once time is spent, you can never get it back. Spend your time wisely today.
A good man measures his life not in the number of his years but in the quality of his friends.
Show me a man who mistakes patience for weakness and I'll show you a fool.
question the status quo; rebuke the existing rules, though it may be at the discomfort of the masses. They may however come to a later realization that it was really worth it and you may now have the status quo
Live in the moment! Yesterday is gone forever, tomorrow is yet to come, but you have right now. Live in the moment!
It's amazing how when we were young we wanted to know what it felt like to be older and when we are older we want the feeling of being younger again.
At times we must forgive others even when they don't deserve it. We forgive them because we deserve it. Free yourself.
I've lived my life fighting to overcome but still yet the troubles I face, may never end in this endless race.
Your failures are not determined by how many times you fall down. Your failures are determined by how many times you stay down, so get up and continue to strive!
if you give people the reasons to reason and you don't reason, reason!
Patience is the key that unlocks the door to perseverance that unlocks the door to endurance that unlocks the door to the sustaining power of true success.
You can go as far as you believe it, but through prayer you can exceed it.
You know what is beautiful? A real conversation with a real person.
Authenticity is hard to fake
The human mind and what we've achieved with it is remarkable. But it does not come close to what we can do, be, see and heal with our hearts
The root of identity crises: we seem to know a lot about ourselves, but we can't tell who we are. Realize your self!
A masterpiece is a piece that masters things.
if you cannot get it all right, don't get it all wrong
The only private sector industry where employees work with their lives on stake for the interest of common people is media industry.
They will cry, he will shout but you must sweat.
As long as you feel comfortable losing, you will never win!
I can and I will! Just watch me!
Beware of those who love to give advice, but never want to receive it!
Never allow your current circumstances dictate your level of happiness! Remember that this too shall pass! Rejoice always!
Failure wasn't an option for those who have success today!
Learn from the best, so one day you can become the best.
Confidence scares off whatever stands in your way.
Don't spend your days sitting around waiting for something to happen. Get outside and make it happen!Live like a warrior, be at one with nature, fearless in the moment....because this moment will never happen again so don't waste it!
The simplicity of life never ceases to amaze me, and the many ways we complicate it blows my mind.
Either loyalty and love are same things, or loyalty is certainly a better kind of love than love.
The Measure of success isn't money or the number of books you write, it is seen in the faces of those you love
Caught in your youniverse again? Try reaching out to the one besides you!
Conduct yourself in a manner that is worthy of respect and don't worry about what others think.
Knowledge isn't life changing. The application of knowledge is.
The Church is both organism and organization - Woven together in a beautifully messy dance that stumbles across the stage of a fallen world.
Never try to hide the real you. Be yourself and stand up for what you believe in. Question what other people tell you, think things though. Never regret your mistakes as there's a reason for everything.Grudges are toxic and heavy to bear. Let them go, learn from everything and continue to grow.
Take those praises with a level head, you must not be distracted by them. After all, purpose still awaits you.
You are never in lack, you are always in fullness, realize it and live it.
The strength of a man is less of the man and much more of who and what backs the man.
Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants.
Tenacity is what it takes to dare unrelentingly
A thousand minus one is never a thousand
Procrastination causes pressure that zaps creativity and excellence.
Whatsoever you set your hands on doing, do it in such a way that your work will always stand out.
Life always squashes death. Love always soothes sadness.
Maybe it's not good trying to answer the question 'What is my purpose in life?' Maybe the better question is: 'How can I make someone's life better TODAY?
We need to reshape our own perception of how we view ourselves. We have to step up as women and take the lead.
Go huge or why bother?
Always be excellent and you'll rise above the rest.
Keep your mindset strong, your heart pure, your intentions kind and your dreams big.
You have no control over what happens to you! You can only pray for grace and strength to endure any situation.
Do not dwell on the past. Focus on the precious moments and gracious future.
You are capable of great deeds.
As your training integrates Mind, Body and Spirit, enjoy the process. Your journey to the marathon finish will last a few hours. Your journey to the start will influence a lifetime.
Practice makes comfort. Expand your experiences regularlyso every stretch won't feel like your first.
Each of us has our definition of adventure: ending an unsatisfyingrelationship, returning to school, parachute jumping or training for amarathon. Go ahead. Get your thrill on.
Stand up for yourself by not standing yourself up.
To believe that we can have what we want is an act of trust - not only of others but also, ourselves.
The study book for life's tests is the whole of our experience. Though we mayfeel unprepared, tests appear only when we are truly ready to ace them.
What would happen if you gave yourself permission to do somethingyou've never done before? There's only one way to find out.
Darkness is necessary for evolvement.
What do you resist examining up close?How can you ground yourself so you feel safe enough to try?
Simplicity simplified life!
Comparison is waste of energy. Every individual is unique with unique talents. Find your passion and live your best life.
How passionate have you embrace life?
A recipe for success. Think, do. Repeat as needed.
Everyone has a purpose to live for, make yours worth living.
The focus on the desired outcome will push you through every difficulty.
Life is so much better when we dwell on awe-inspired thoughts.
You have to conquer every mountain to fulfill the dream.
It is your life, enthusiastically accept the challenge.
It's better to stand alone and feel strongthan standing with people who make you feel weak
Never pay attention to the distractions in life. Focus on possibilities.
Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of the soul.
Time is more than money, it is life.
Ask and wait expectantly for the answer.
Daily walk in nature brings tranquility to one's life.
The notion of the perfect time is more than myth. It's the ultimate self-delusion.
You can't make every wrong decision right but you can stop deciding to take another wrong action.
We are being prepared daily for a greater task. Every training should be passionately pursued.
Good health, good life.
After every voyage, we bring with us renewed mind, refreshed soul and new viewpoints on life.
Life tests us to see our level of endurance.
Failure is a sign post of life, guiding us to the right paths.
Sometimes the truth hurts because it uncovers the lies people are living
Getting a spark of inspiration to write is the best feeling in the world, no matter what time it is...I get a feeling on the inside that urges me to get up from whatever I am doing, grabbing that pen and writing down whatever my heart and mind tell me too... it's beautiful." 
May we love each other with brotherly love. Love cast out all fears.
If I don't succeed, I will try again and never stop trying.When I succeed, I will again explore new opportunities.
Success is not attained by chance, you have to work in order to get it.
You possess great strength, great spirit and great soul.
Everyone suffers personal setbacks. If you're experiencing difficulty in your career or personal life, keep it in perspective - by persevering through your difficulties, you're building a stronger personality in you. Never give up!.
Do not be satisfied by just getting what you need, strive and work harder to get what you want.
Be thankful.Be grateful.Be joyful.
The only gift to yourself is your ability to seek knowledge.
You can't be stop. Reach out for your dreams.
History affects our future but it doesn't determine it.
Your past is where you learned the lesson. Now is when you get to apply it.
If you go through life expecting nothing chances are you'll be content most of the time.
Everyone is special; every moment in our life is unique. However difficult or painful a situation may look at present, it soon becomes a memory and a special journey. Memories make us who we are, but it also starts declining with age. There are many ways to preserve these special moments so that we can cherish a story that's our own.
Spring time is a time for revival of every living thing.
Breathe more. Bitch less.
Failure is an arrow pointing the right direction.
You cannot tell how it is, until you experience it.
Blessed are you who endure life trails.
Fight for what you want. Never allow anything to distract you.
Seeds strive to become plants by forcing their way through the soil. We can learn from this and push through the struggles we face in life. If they can survive, we can do much more. Keep pushing and pressing forward. Your best is yet to come!
And isn't that what we all are-a compilation of all of our life experiences, of little pieces of all the people who have shaped our days; all of us just fighting to make sure the best parts of us win out every day?
The only regret we should have is allowing regret to hold us back from taking action now.
Don't use your past history as an excuse to be miserable. Use your past as a testament to show the world just how far you have come.
Don't ever let others impose their self-limiting beliefs on to you. They don't have the courage and spirit that you do.
Endure the times for a better tomorrow.
The most important thing you can do in a relationship is sit down and talk to each other, not with the TV on, or at the cinema, or over a meal, but just you and the other person where you can truly be heard and truly listen to each other
My love, you are always on my mind. I love you so much.
Without failing at one thing, there won't be an opportunity to try again, learn and grow. Life isn't static but dynamic. Learn to embrace whatever situation you may face and strive to overcome. Believe in yourself, knowing your best is yet to come.
Bury me where I die.
They oppressed us but unable to kill our spirit.
If the words you spoke appeared on your skin, would you still be beautiful?
Without adversity, we never find who we are.
sometimes in your works, give people the opportunity to express their ignorance; then you prove the wrong with your works.
As long as you SIT, you Stay In Trouble. Once you STAND, you Shift Toward A New Direction, take a STEP, and Start To Embrace Purpose, then WALK to Welcome Abundance, Love and Knowledge.
If anyone tells you that something can't be done, they're correct, but it only pertains to them.
The will to dare, the will to act.
laughter is the best medicine in life, chocolate is the substitute!
Never lose hope! You are capable of holding on to hope.
Without total dedication & discipline, success in any field is just a wishful thinking.
As you become more present in your own life, you will begin to enlighten others by your example.
Admire the efforts of a failure like you admire the beauty of a sunset.
Authority is not a power, it is a responsibility.
People who live up to their words shouldn't make blind promises.
Peace shouldn't be an option, it must be the objective, peace shouldn't be a possibility, it must be the purpose.
Complements from your companion will do you no good, but if you get complements from your competitors it means you are really doing good.
Ultimately all kinds of fights end at forgiveness.
If you always do "just enough" you'll never have more than enough.
Sometimes your pledges become your problems.
In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.
The best way to reach your Goal is to say "NO" more than you say "YES
Let it be a small gain or big gain never do lesser than one's ability, let it be a pain or a pleasure never accept more than one's share.
If you want you can die any way you want, but no matter how much you try you cannot live the way you want.
Adversities are opportunities for a daring life.
When the competent men of the system are compelled to quit, the system will soon quit itself.
Commitment is a curse if it interferes with righteousness.
If people are jealous of you, it means you are worth something.
The truth which has been spoken too late is more damaging than a lie.
Life gives us experiences for personal development. Appreciate the lessons and be a learner.
Life is a teacher. We are the student.
A lamp cannot play the role of the Sun and the Sun cannot play the role of a lamp.
Ocean is not supposed to be scared of the drops.
Able hands' are more favorable to business than 'adorable hearts'.
Good luck' is like the shadow of a tree, for some time it gives comfort to a traveler but it doesn't go ahead with a traveler.
The meaning of life is not celebrating your birth, it is celebrating your work.
A doctor, a teacher and a politician have no caste.
All great people had critics but they still believe in the beauty of their dreams, fully persuaded to stay focused and determined for the realisationof their dreams.
Hope is an enthusiastic assurance.
In life things get complicated, but it works out eventuallyIt always does
As always, the solutions is the simplest way: we have to start and lead by example.
True leaders don't give consoling answers, they take constructive actions.
You are your own star.
Life is game. Never fear to play the game.
Wherever there is peace, there is progress.
At all times an empire is more important than emperor and empress, prince and princess.
When the tough get going, the going gets easier.
Want to turn your dream in idea? Then write how wonderful it is with all the details. But never forget to plan step by step how to make it a reality. Dream without action does not produce results.
State of the Art is the frenetic and relentless pursuit of doing what its best at that time!
If you do not like how things are going, think in new ways, create new solutions and do not even think about giving up!
Identify the environment where we live and work is important to make us better.
You are the mirror image that reflects the attitudes which took in your life with what you have learned during the journey.
I do have a point to all this, she continues. There are like twenty people in that waiting room right now. Some of them are related to you. Some of them are not. But we're all your family. She stops now. Leans over me so that the wisps of her hair tickle my face. She kisses me on the forehead. You still have a family, she whispers.
A true diamond never over shadows... it's the brilliance of the subtle shine that's the most attractive.
I am convinced that we as adults must constantly cling to, affirm, and celebrate with our children those things we love, sunsets, laughter, the taste of a good meal, the warmth of a hickory fire shared by real friends, the joy of discovery and accomplishment, the constant surprises of life. 
When dancing with a pit bull, it's always best to let him lead.
As parents, we have the responsibility and the power to create a foundational love for nutritious foods that will influence our children's choices for decades to come, setting the stage for our children, grandchildren, and future generations to flourish in wellness and health.
Every single thing can change for the better, no matter however hard it is. Even a family in utter poverty can become prosperous in a couple of generations.
Home is home.
I was strong from losing them, maybe, but any goodness in me came from having them." (p. 124)
A friend is a favourable family.
When you have done all that you can do, A true Mother will always stick by you. You may think sometimes that she is rude. She has to be because this world can be crude.
What is in your blood matters, but not as much as what is in your heart.
What you do is less important than the difference you make.
The woman who is my best friend, my teacher, my everything: Mom.
Josh loved his mother, but he did not know why. Diane loved her son, and she did not care why.
You can't just abandon your family because they did something horrible. You've done horrible things to them too.
You can only be your brother's keeper if he allows you
I can be anything I want to be. Just wait and you will see. Only time will tell what I will be.
I am so grateful that I have my family and friends on this journey. They are my blessings! I need them; and just the same, I know they need me too. That is why I have never thought of giving up.
Live a Nomad Family lifestyle to broaden your horizon and create a more suitable lifestyle for your family
I never want to make screw-you money like the rest of the financial services industry.
The best don't start at the top; embrace every struggle, mistake, and obstacle you overcame to get there! Persistence and Faith = Success
Our children give us the opportunity to become the parents we always wish we had.
A Mother & Daughter's Love Is Never Separated
The Sewing Machine CharmTo A Life Bound by Family, The Thread That Ties Us All Together
The Hot Air Balloon CharmLife Can Be Filled with Adventure If You Let Yourself Soar
If you have friends and family who love you unconditionally - you truly have everything!
...parents everywhere desire a better life for their children. It's a near constant: They understand the importance of education and crave it for their children, even as they are well aware of the sacrifice they will have to make.
Would you have left a guy being beat up to go find a teacher?' I asked.My father, he wiped his hand across his face, and what was left behind was a smile.Really, a smile.'Not in a million years,' he said.
A single word spoken at an appropriate time can make someone feel loved, comforted or happier.
I am a mother. I see clearly that while I've been teaching them, they have been my reason to learn.
If it tries to take you," Wren said, "I wont' let go.
Don't only wait until Christmas to love, love at all times.
Love at all times.
The grace of service is heart of belonging.
The kind of individual that you see on the outside, is never the same person on the inside.
No one said parenting was easy,but NO good parent has any right to give up.It is one labyrinth you can never quit because it seems too hard.
There are three things I love, three things I spend time with, three things I treat alike: family; friends; and books.
Us. All regrets, left them in the sea, smiling at life as if it was a beautiful dream, because if one thing is certain, clearing the strange foreigh steam. Like the diamond ring that fits in your finger, we are stronger as a steel linker
You should always be thankful and express gratitude for your love, beauty, family, and everything in your life.
I am thinking of our family's womenas faraway bulbs, their historywith crippling loss, and how I am pieced together, shell and sand,from the spine of their collective strength.
Since our yesterdays are gone and our tomorrows are never promised, TODAY I want to thank all my amazing friends and family for being in my life.
Reflections they give meThat my mirror does notThey know the new meNot the old meThat I am not
On the road to success there are determination, real hard work, perseverance and challenges to tackle.
Appreciate what is in front of you, cherish your family and friends. tell them you love them each and every day! Remember, it can all change in the blink of an eye. Live without regret!
A life dedicated to family, friends, community, and whole humanity is a life well spent.
A successful marriage was a balancing act-that was a thing everyone knew. A successful marriage was also dependent on a high tolerance for irritation.
I wish you a beautiful blessed Father's Day.
Almost all the times advices from your loved ones are for your safety, not for your success.
Academic failure contributes to poverty and poor health and undermines workforce productivity in ways that harm the entire society.
Nearly all problems of human behavior stem from our failure to ensure that people live in environments that nurture their well-being.
A question that always makes me hazy is it me or are the others crazy'Albert Einstein
This is what I'm supposed to be doing this summer. This is how I'm supposed to be passing my days. Figuring out the secret to how she was the most joyful person when she was dying. Because I'm living, and I sure as hell don't have a clue how to feel anything but empty.
Divided we are as people but if we stand together and fight we as a race will unite.
Regardless of the difficulties we may face individually, in our families, in our communities and in our nation, the old adage is still true - you can make excuses or you can make progress, but you cannot make both!
Let today mark a new beginning for you. Give yourself permission to say NO without feeling guilty, mean, or selfish. Anybody who gets upset and/or expects you to say YES all of the time clearly doesn't have your best interest at heart. Always remember: You have a right to say NO without having to explain yourself. Be at peace with your decisions.
Those who care about me will forget me but, those who love me will never let go of me.
Maybe this is a second doctoral program: advanced learning about life, death, marriage, mothering, family, faith, patience, prayer. My degree will be 'Doctor of Life,' and I will be in good company. So many of us earn our 'Doctor of Life' degrees.
With so much trauma and drama in everyday life, the beauty of peace and solitude beckons like an oasis in a barren wasteland.
I was so done with looking at life through the eyes of beer-drinking cheese-heads. I wanted to go on that mission trip and look through the eyes of someone from a different culture and see what they saw. I wanted to meet people who didn't crush the can of what they just drank on their forehead.-Rebecca Meyer, Crooked Lines
Your mind can be either your prison or your palace. What you make it is yours to decide
Lose your mind and come to your senses.
If you are ready for the secret, you already possess one half of it,therefore, you will readily recognize the other half the moment it reaches your mind.
Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.
Mind your mind, soon, you will mine from it.
What you envision for the future, out of fear or out of joy, will become reality as the sands of time carve those paths of thought into your mind and soul.
If you are on my mind, you be in my heart.
A man is but his state of mind.
The state of the mind defines a man.
How can I be strong when I do not know my own mind? I am lost.""That's not true. You are not lost. It's just that your own thoughts are being kept from you, or hidden away. But the mind is strong. It survives, even without thought. Even with everything taken away, it holds a seed-- your self. You must believe in your own powers.
Reading renew the mind.
There is madness in the mind.
Man can be a master of his mind.
At the time, it seemed everything was falling apart by no reason. My mind was dramatic in its ignorant stage. I knew nothing of what love was, nor the presence of a greater being within myself. Everything seemed overwhelming, and little did I know, I would conquer the voids of this falsity.
Taming attachment,does not mean becoming cold and disinterested. On the contrary, it means learning to have a composed control over our mind through understanding
An idea occurs in the mind, where it is confined and useless. An idea lives when it leaves the mind.
Inside the human mind, an idea is a mental spark that occurs as a response to the challenge of a train of thought.
We are only enslaved in our mind.
Decide what thoughts to dominate your mind.
Every single decision of your life is predicated on the healthy functioning of the prefrontal cortex. Even a slight malfunction in a tiny chunk of neuron anywhere in the PFC would lead to the mental deficit in your logical decision-making.
In a crooked mind even the right thing gets crooked.
Mind is the Alpha - Mind is the Omega.
Meditate upon yourself and you'll find bliss.
You know who you are and what you are capable of, because of your own personal history and the experiences you gained throughout that history.
Water and a bubble on it are one and the same. The bubble has its birth in the water, floats on it, and is ultimately resolved into it. Likewise, your consciousness is born in your brain, goes through various states in your lifetime and ultimately resolves into the brain.
At the end of the day, it's your life. If you turn out good, the world celebrates you and with you (not minding how you achieved it). If bad, they abandon you (even if they gave you the advice that led you to doom). Just be you and follow your heart.
The mind is the realm of miracles.
Quotes are just words, meaning is created by mind.
We are products of our culture and interpret the world through our mental conditioning.
Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. Be water, my friend.
Most of the time, your body is way ahead of your mind.
You know, voices can't hurt you if you don't listen to them.
There will be this colossal moment in your life when you'll rampage all your mind disturbers and pin that one moment forever. Don't crave or pray for that moment though. Go out and strive hard, believe. Focus and be aware for the moment will just pass by. If you catch it, you are colossal.
Limited money and family obligations have never stopped a man who really wanted to do something, although they provide excuses for a man who is not really up to the creative challenge in the first place. Find out today whether you are willing to do what it takes.
Be control of your mind.
Shame is a state of mind.
The mind is a miraculous mirror through which we see the world, but it can also see from within.
Philosophy is the dance of conscience on a stage called the mind.
Human life is a great story written by the mysterious, mystical and magical human mind.
One of the most valuable gifts that a person can give (or receive) is a productive mentality. It is with a productive mentality that people change their lives for the better, in ways profound.
The mind is an invisible net that can catch any event with its power of perception.
Thoughts can be such slippery things sometimes,Very hard to handle.But to a well-trained mind,They are easy to bind
Of all the things in the world, I'm particularly amazed at, is the conviction with which the MIND, endorses an Idea, which is phenomenal, as it differentiates the Genius from Mediocre, or not to forget the human stupidity in particular!
Education is a journey of the mind to kindle the fire of imagination.
Thinking new things is the best way to exercise the mind.
Thoughts have the power,To change how you perceive the world around you,To inflict worry, or make peace abound too.
First Proverbs quote in "C, You Can Do It!" - 'What dainty morsels rumors are--but they sink deep into one's heart.'Proverbs 26:22
Thoughts are a product manufactured by the relentless effort of the machine we call a mind.
Mind was crafted to preserve some and forget some. We have to decide when to choose delete button.
Close your eyes, imagine yourself in the world of your dreams, imagine everything you ever wanted, live that moment, get the feel of it. Once you've lived that moment in your mind fully, open your eyes and get started with work, work as hard as possible, do all that it takes to live that moment in real. Just do it, it's possible.
Renew your mind with positive thoughts.
Your mind is well-spring of life.
Don't allow anyone to pollute your mind with negative thoughts and negative words.
Civilize The Mind, But Make Savage The Body.
By reading, we will know the minds of great soul.
I am not a prisoner to be locked up in people's ideologies, I am not a criminal to be locked up in your mind, I am a free spirit and I make no apologies for it
Only use the mind for practical ways in life. Use your deep inner body energy, observation and breath to glide through life.
Stretch your mind and you will reach beyond your current reality.
The mind is the most fertile land. What you plant, it will grow.
Om is the things, Om is the ingredient, Om is the container and the content of this universe.
The only place where to experience the invisible future is in the mind. The relationships we have with our minds make all the difference.
Every dream is the beginning of a new life in your thoughts..
Follow the path that leads to understanding. Only then, will you illuminate the way for others. Once you open your mind and gain knowledge, truth, you'll leave the darkness and enter into the light of wisdom.
Free your mind from the prison of your past. Time has allowed you to grow and develop into the person you're meant to be. Now, you are living a purposed filled life.
Every mind should reflect to touch the green of life through trees.
The power of great thoughts,timeless possibilities.
And if ever you need encouragement, remember at least two sober facts which nobody can rationally deny: that you are a new and unique living force in nature, and that you can, by taking thought and pursuing it, become more and more intensely alive.
Nothing in the world can bother you as much as your own mind, I tell you. In fact, others seem to be bothering you, but it is not other, it is your own mind.
When you become a raindrop in your mind Thunder is the closest friend you may find Wind lashed trees, dark clouds, lightning or the dust Everything you will bear once you adjust
Do you want to know what you think about most of the time? Take a look at the results you're getting. That will tell you exactly what's going on inside.
Have a loving heart and a beautiful mind.
Education transforms and transcends the human mind toward perfection.
See yourself in the mirror of your mind to find yourself.
A beautiful smile is the prettiest ornament that you can find. Happiness is the prettiest color for your imaginative mind.
True education kindles the student's mind but teaching fills the mind with information.
Even when I was a very young man,I was looking for the purpose of life; I was looking for happiness all over the world; In fame and in glamour, in wealth and in splendor, not knowing how foolish it was.Happiness is not out there.Happiness is not in wealth or splendor.Happiness is inside me, in my mind, in my thoughts, It is in my perception of the world.
I like curiosity. It's a mind game, not a necessity.
Students may not remember what you try to teach them, but they will never forget who you are and what feelings you created in their mind.
Education is a chemical reaction between knowledge and the mind; the byproducts are new thoughts, new ideas, new perceptions, and new feelings.
You think you're losing your mind, but do keep in mind, as long as you may, that the ability to go on thinking such a thing means it's not all gone.
No one else can choose your attitude for you. Your perspective and choice of attitude gives you the power to be in control.
A happy mind is also a beautiful universal mind.
Happiness is a state of mind, not the condition we find.
To be happy and beloved have a tender heart, blissful thoughts, and a non-judgmental mind.
Let happiness bloomIn the freshness of your mind,In the gentle wind of your thoughts.On the ground of kindness and compassion.
The will to love, the desire to help, and an open mind with gratitude can unlock the door to eternal happiness.
When possession of wealth or splendors brings happiness- it is an illusion, when attainment of certain mental state brings happiness- it is a real possession.
Happiness is a perception of the mind that comes from forgiveness and love.
I am happy because my mind is always filled with happy thoughts.
Happiness resides in your mind. Never infect your mind with negative thoughts or happiness will fly away.
The only way to find happiness is to create it inside your mind.
Serenity of mind brings joy and happiness in life.
There is no hell; there is no heaven. In your mind, they are your own creation.
Happiness is an awareness, perception, feeling, and imagination. Happiness is a state of mind not a condition.
The only way to be happy is to prepare your mind to be happy.
If it's possible in the mind, then it's possible anywhere.
Beauty runs skin deep not on superficial assumptions or criticisms of many people. Live with a beautiful mind and heart. Live with a beautiful soul.
Free time is a terrible thing to waste. Read a book.
While you keep ageing, your experience compensates for your lost brain power.
When enforcing our boundaries, first and foremost, we are caring for ourselves, but we are also helping others to have a clear understanding of what we consider acceptable behavior. We are reflecting back to them what is not acceptable and, therefore, providing them an opportunity to consider that information and make necessary changes.
Disappointment over love affairs generally has the effect of driving men to drink, and women to ruin; and this, because most people never learn the art of transmuting their strongest emotions into dreams of a constructive nature.
A soul of terror'd mind, shall never find thy rest. For cruelty comes with a sacrifice - one in which beholds as a hate of oneself.
Wisemen's minds and hearts live together under the same roof of wisdom
Remember you are the perfect reflector of your mind.
What is constant? Is the mind anything more than a conglomeration of thoughts? Where is the mind apart from thought? If there is no thought, can there be a mind? They cancel each other out, do they not?
Don't just create a change for yourself, be a centre of change to others.
Develop an affirmation today, and start getting instant confirmation in all works of like.
Living in this skin is hard and painful, most of the times, because I never volunteered to take this on. The daily sacrifice of heart over mind,the forever ongoing task of explaining this and that,and why I don't want to look like this and be like thatbut still here I am and if this is the body I've been given I'm sure as hell gonna make it work.
There is beauty all around us, and the light finds us when we realize, we are all part of that beauty and worth the cherishing. If we despise any, we journey to despise ourselves. See all as beautiful, even if they choose to see themselves through you, as being less than so. We have the power to see for each, and be the reflection of what they may yet see.
The walls that caged me were not of this world, but were within my mind.
Creativity means bringing simplicity to the existing.
Creativity is just an attraction to the second rate minds but simplification to the first rate minds.
The key to happy living is that Mind should be at rest and body must be exercised and active, but in the disillusioned pursuit of happiness during current times we reverse the mantra and ignorantly fly away from it.
I asked myself one day, 'Would it be humane of me to completely destroy my mind and soul for the music?' I knew immediately that the answer was no, so I knew I had to.
Your mind is the most incredible gift! A powerful mind is the reserve for all that is physical in stamina.
Premature satisfaction with half-success is a dream-killer of ambition , nobody should indulge in it.
You endure what is supposedly unbearable, and before you know it, you would have done the impossible by bearing the unbearable.
The motions of her mind were as incalculable as the flit of a bird in the branches
Creative minds don't follow rules, they follow will.
The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart.
Purpose drives the process by which we become what we are capable of being.
A true leader leads for the sake of love and his knowledge of the path, a bad leader redirects his followers to the path of destruction.
Books may be irrelevant until it's relevance, importance and purpose is discovered through reading
Be natural at heart and new in mind.
Thinking is good for your mind, but too much thinking leads to distraction.
Crowd is just a bunch of heads, it is their leader who is the mind.
See the life through your heart, understand it by your mind and love it like your soul.
Don't overestimate your emotions and underestimate your intelligence.
People in love overvalue their heart and undervalue their mind.
The function of a heart is to keep the body alive, I genuinely believe it is mind which takes care of everything else.
The mind is more sensible than heart, if you are sure listen to your heart, if you are confuse listen to your mind.
I wish you allan ego freedriven day!
My mind secures as long as my soul is awaken.
Knowledge without implementation is but mere information. True knowledge transcends the barrier of the mind and bears fruit within action
Don't behave like your heart and mind are strangers to you; they are yours, don't depend on others to understand them, you got to understand them.
Thinking before taking actions is useful only if you are going to take action, otherwise you are wasting time and insulting your mind.
You can not have empty or neutral mind, as long as you work the mind will contain dreams, if you stop working it will contain regrets.
My left foot is the wisdom from yesterday, my right foot is the vision of tomorrow and my mind is focused on the work of today and this is how I stand a winner.
An individual who has in his mind that he can accomplish a certain task is far more likely to succeed than the individual that has it in his mind that he will fail.
Life. Life is a show. It's up to you how to make your own story, do your own show and how to live your show you are on. You choose who you need to meet, where you should have your scenes or which scenes you want to do. How awesome your mind can do right?
When the loneliest place on earth is in your mind, move out!
Note to Self - Thoughts design my energy!MythoughtsWILLdesign the energythat movesme!
Though we may choose to view them symbolically, dreams are actually no more or less symbolic than everyday waking reality. When the images and events don't conform to our view of reality, we call them symbols. When they do, we call them facts.
Hard work does not go unnoticed,and someday the rewards will follow
Note and Quote to Self - What you think, say and do!Your life mainly consists of 3 things! What you think, What you say and What you do!So always be very conscious of what you are co-creating!
NOTE TO SELF - BOOMERANG EFFECTMy words, thoughts and deeds have a boomerang effect.So be-careful what you send out!
Unless we take that first step into the unknown, we will never know our own potential!
Quotes and notes to self - Find your inner peace!Don'tbe caught up in your outer world.Paygreater attention to your inner world
Quotes and notes to self- Divine and Unique PowerFind out what my Individual Divineand Unique PowerISand offer it outwardsin harmonywith all life!
I am Not, but the Universe is my Self.
Education is for freedom - freedom from mental slavery.
Life never goes according to plan. That's okay, because often our plans are much smaller than life intends. Probably EASIER, but smaller.
When we live our life as if it is an open book, we are free in body, mind, and spirit and allow anyone to read from our pages.
DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list.
What is more tragic than to see a person who has risen to the disciplined heights of tough-mindedness but has at the same time sunk to the passionless depths of hard-heartedness?
When we change our thoughts, we will change our experiences.
If I look at the mass I will never act.
Harness the power of today. Seize the blessings of today! Make something happen, enhance your life, make someone laugh, help a friend, love, love, love!
If power is the only important thing, then Frodo loses against Sauron. Hell, if power's the only important thing then Gandalf loses against Sauron. If magic is the deciding factor of a fight, then four plucky kids from England get their asses turned to stone by the White Which.
There is a force more powerful than steam and electricity: the will.
It amazed me how quickly a lie loses its power in the face of truth.
The power of the written word goes way beyond the page on which it is written
The power lies within you. Lift yourself to elevate your innerself. Feel yourself".
I encourage you, to take control to take back your power. Make the time and effort to invest in yourself. Self-care and healing. Taking time for stillness and contemplation. Reflect on your own behaviour. Decide what kind of person you want to be and then take the steps to be that person.
A situation only has the power over us that we give it. We own the power over ourselves! We own that! No one else! When we realize that: we now have a CHOICE we can make, we can STOP giving that power away! Own yourself. Own YOUR power!
The power others have to upset us and to steer us off our path is the power we gave to them.
An avalanche starts with one pebble. A forest with one seed. And it takes one word to make the whole world stop and listen. All you need is the right one.
The strongest force in our universe is not overriding power, but love.
Let your heart sing from those wounded places.When you sing your song with everything you've got,it will not only heal you, but it will heal all of us through you.
The power to heal is all in the hug.
Each of you are a voice. Together we are a choir, a powerful choir of change that circles the globe with love.
A woman should always know her place, and it's exactly wherever she wants to be.
Your Presentation is you Capability
Without inspiration, innovation is dead.
Your Presentation is your Capability.
Just hope. Hope is filled with power.
Why do you write strong female characters?Because you're still asking me that question.
Right. So if the eyes are shining, you know you're doing it. If the eyes are not shining, you get to ask a question. And this is the question: who am I being that my players' eyes are not shining? We can do that with our children, too. Who am I being, that my children's eyes are not shining? That's a totally different world.
I have only one power that is my power of love.
The second you think that you are something is the same second you confirm that you are nothing
There's magic in stories, magic in hope, and magic in coming together. I have learnt from people's stories, been inspired by their hope, and been strengthened by their coming together.
Look to the past with wisdom, and look to the future with courage.
But every time I near sleep, I'm scared shitless. Because the memories are coming faster now, pouring through me, as if I've broken the handle on the faucet. They are coming, no matter how much is hurts. And all I can do is hold my breath and try not to drown.
It's just another stop on the curvy roadthe final encounterfor the man who has liveddeath is the answer.
Be aware of things you say because words have power. When you speak truth. It's Beautiful. And, that beauty illuminates!
By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and put life in its place.
My heart's made of goldMy soul is pure steelLoved ones shall riseEnemies will kneelI soothe with water, attack with fireFor I am the master of my own empire.
We are all capable of being great dreamers. We must awaken the divinity within us.
Set yourself ablaze. Allow your light to shine upon others without fear. When you radiate from within, others cannot dampen your fire.
Things are as they should be at this moment. When you accept that, you become responsible for everything you have and are. You then hold the power to change your future!
Truth is Evidence of Love. And, Nothing Can Stop the Power of Trusting and Loving Unconditionally.
The greatest power we have in life is not external, but internal.
Words do have purpose; they are essential clues in determining actions, or lack thereof.
Ignorance annihilates self.
Questions are places in your mind where answers fit. If you haven't asked the question, the answer has nowhere to go.
The power of words is in the works of words. People are much more bonded by the works of words than words. The work of words is the trigger of words.
To be undefeated, to primer is to learn the game for not just your talents but for the game itself.
Do not settle; open up yourself by surrendering to creating your own kind of success ALL THE WAY! Whether you have superior or less-than-average skills, you will cultivate your success story through determination and consistency.
Entrepreneurs are innovators, visionaries-generators of new ideas turning into coinage
Implore yourself to continue to Action Past Your Devil's Advocate.
Knowledge becomes power when you share it.
Love is the source of great power and great strength.
Through action anti-advocates are made believers, even though that isn't a goal, Right! Your goal is and should always be to fulfill your own expectations and exceed them.
Truth begets knowledge and knowledge begets power.
Be true to your authenticity and innovate with brave ammunition.
There are opportunities for all of us, we just have to open our eyes and hold ourselves completely accountable
Lest you forget the strong develop and improve the weak get frantic digress and deviate
..be able and willing to action regardless of all trauma, all the No's, and non-supporters one could headache and pain on.
We all have a little entrepreneur inside of us. Wanting to leverage it is what gives us an entrepreneurial spirit and an entrepreneurial mind. Actually doing it makes one an entrepreneur.
if you are not a fan of great consumer service, then you are not a fan of business ultimately not making you a fan of money.
Ultimately, having what we want is our liability. It is no one else's. Purge the blame game. Everyone has a legitimate reason why they CAN'T get something done. It's the will to get it done REGARDLESS.
Exceed, succeed, outdo, overdo, all with a smile.
Entrepreneurs, let's begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
Pick the paper off the floor, throw it in the trash, study-even if you think you already know the subject, say thank you for an act of kindness, and be the support you want to receive. You want to become a master of the mundane, making it easier to be a sorcerer of success.
As she sustained wound after wound...the fairy should have fallen, but instead, she danced. This was Titania, the Fairy Queen.
Simplicity gives you the power of freedom.Kindness gives you the power of boldness.Humility gives you the power of acceptance.
Your ability is your power. Others' opinions can make it sour.
Simplicity and humility, not power or status, will bring you joy and happiness.
You are my loveMy source of joyYou are the joy You are the love Every chamber of your heart is like a flower, blooming and blooming Spreading love with the wind of thoughts I am floating in those divinely pure thoughts and feeling the happinessWhen I am in deep love, I gain the power of love, When I feel beloved, I feel divine happiness.
We must not lose our trust in the power of kindness.
Use our memories as an asset not as a liability. Don't let it be our inner curse but share them as a rare gift.
The vanities of life:pleasure, possession, position and power.
You have the power to shape your life the way that you want it to be. Every thought, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer, but everything imagined begins with a dream.
Understanding is a power greater then knowledge.
There may be something going on in your life right now, that seems like a giant, so big that you think it's impossible to conquer. But, remember no matter how gigantic your problems may be, you have everything in you to overcome. You have the power to say to that mountain move, get out my way. Activate your faith, and watch it happen. The victory is yours!
Femininity is your greatest power. Embrace it!
A problem is nothing more than a solution outstanding.
Forgiveness is a powerful cure.
The real you, the inner you, loves and adores you; but you cut off that power when you think badly of yourself.
You can be inspired by others, but when you're inspired from within then you have real power for change.
If we really are spiritual beings living a physical existence, then we have incredible power.
...empathy is the most important power there is. Without it, we are doomed. With it, we can truly change the world.(interview from USC)
Self-knowledge is the great power by which we comprehend and control our lives
The purpose of every human life is to teach, through one's own method, the power of love.
Think you only kings have power? Stand on a stage and hold the hearts of men in your hands. Make them laugh with a gesture, cry with a word. Make them love you. And you will know what power is.
Be Like Lightning Which Has The Power To Animate Or Destroy Life.... It's Up To You Which Side You Wanna Take....
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try and feel okay about them.
SMILE Is Not Just A Word.... It Means A Lot, Love, Trust, Warmth, Tenderness Etc, In Fact It Means WORLD.... So SMILE ALWAYS.... That Means, YOU Are Giving A WORLD To SOMEONE....
There will Be a Moment when Your eyes meet, and everything in the world will be simple again.
The world is indeed a better place when there is love, friendship, acceptance and hope. Powered by these you can indeed overcome anything including destiny.
Lizzie Bright Griffin, do you ever wish the world would just go ahead and swallow you whole?""Sometimes I do," she said, and then smiled. "but sometimes I figure I should just go ahead and swallow it.
Now isn't the time to change yourself to fit into the world... you should be changing the world to accept you. To let you exist as you are, without being cut open and damaged.
If you follow your passion, the world will follow yours.
When people divide, things end. Therefore: I won't divide because I don't want this to end.
What a wonderful world in the land of wonder?
Don't you know Yet? It is your light that lights the World.
Timing is everything, call it a plan; there is nothing in this world that can trouble you more than your own thoughts.
The world only knows those that have the word in them
Money is still the root of all evilYet we tell our kids don't get that degreeThe jobs don't pay enough.
My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.
Every person deserves a chance to show what they can best offer world.
Show me that horizon, promise me a world better than this on the other side of the sun.
The world will become only as great a place to live in as we make it.
For me,you are fresh waterthat falls from treeswhen it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and givesbitter wordssweetening.For me, you are the scent of violins and visionof valleys smiling.And still,for me, your loveliness never ends.It traverses the worldand finds its way back to me.Only me.
The only thing necessary in this world is love. Everything else is secondary.
Pictures and words are wholly inadequate to understand the complex creations and beauty of our world.
Adversity does more than build character. It changes the way we see the world.
It's a new world. Stand up.
You have to validate yourself first, and then you will receive the much-deserved healing validation from the rest of the world.
Don't wish the world demanded less of you. Rise up and exceed its standards.
Writers wake up the world.
The world is blessed to welcome you.
A great director gives life to a work of art- gives it a heartbeat. a pulse. opens its eyes to the world.
The world is a woven basket. Every stitch counts.
Open your arms to the world.
Film makes me feel less alone in the world.
To my words: There was once a wall between us. Now we walk together and greet the world.
Be what the world needs.
Don't let the world tell you who you are. You get up and you tell the world who you are.
Positive thoughts shape a positive world.
The world is with you.
How could people not believe in magic when the whole world is made of it?
Look upon the world with wonder.
Diversity cannot swim in a world flooding with clones.
This world does not exist to you when you are missing.
Your world is nothing but a reflection of your mind.
I have loved this world in ways it could never love me back.
Don't worry, keep at it, you will soon shock the world
He was everyone and every living creature in one ecstatic motion.
Once we experience divine guidance, we begin to make changes within ourselves, mentally, physically, and spiritually. We are no longer lost in the world, we can finally see. No longer blinded by the enemy.
Dream and dare the world to object
I don't the life of a thug. I live the life of a sinner.
The more people I am able to help, the more people are willing to help others. The more followers we have, the closer we are to a perfect world.
What is your vision of ideal world?
May we have equal concern for each other to create a unified world.
I don't want to save the world, I just want to inspire it.
Feeling low is normal, or sometimes, healthy. A lot of great things this world has witnessed were kickstarted by men when they felt low.
The world is moving at a slow pace. Each day I get up and I feel the world must have moved ahead far but, unfortunately, it remains at the same point each day.
Women will bring peace into this world.
Simple minded people do things like gossip, lie, spread rumors, and cause troubles. But, I know you're more intelligent.
Sometimes in life you find love so powerful that you get tunnel vision. You only see the one you love, the one you desire. No one or no thing gets in the way of what you feel. A love so strong which makes you feel invincible in this world. And, everywhere you go, all the people can see you glow.
The world will not get better, only we get and grow better.
Love is the thread with which we connect to the world.
You're looking for the light,ForgettingYou have an astonishing light,inside you,which can enlighten the whole world.
Money makes the world go round; however, happiness greases the axle. Without this lubricant, life will seize.
He who does not know how to believe, should not know.
The Truth Is That Existence Wants Your Life To Become A Festival Because When You Are Unhappy, You Also Throw Unhappiness All Around.
The more you believe in yourself, the more the world believes in you!
Adventure lies not in the places we seek, but in the moments we create in the places we treasure.
You can't become a star just by watching one on TV. Dream big and go for your goals!
Some days I like to wander to old and warn our places, forests ripped apart by man and streams that carry stagnant water where it use to flow. There is a sense of clarity in these places, a reflection of who I am or atleast who I have been. Broken, yet still incredibly beautiful.
If you worry yourself to death over the struggle, you will never experience the good life.
As rice grows riper, the lower it bows its head. Never lose your humility while you grow.
When you had the dream, it looked big. So why quit when it's still small?
Well, love exists even you are muted and one another is blind
Let not a single soul discharge you, because we are a group of beautiful people...and you two are richer, with greater potential than this soil.
...that society with its hurtful views on race and class distinction would make it difficult for us to succeed.
Delight is indeed born in the heart. It sometimes also depends on its surroundings.
Some people stride toward a better future. Others have chauffeurs.
Your vibe creates your tribe.
A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, It can't get any worse! You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
Want to help others? Be yourself. You'll inspire others to muster the courage to be themselves as well.
Kamand, die every dayso you rememberto live.
Your mind is your belief hotspot -the center where the issues of life emanate from.
Poverty is a scourge and must be dealt with surge.
There's a profit attached to every problem. Find it, face it and fix it.
The greatest thing about me isn't even a part of me. It's you.
What happens in you is more important than what happens to you.
Solitude is an unmarked place beyond the borders of the map, a place where most fear to tread. It's no surprise, then, that this is where the greatest secrets and most valuable treasures are hidden.
The more we try to stop others from falling, the more we hurt ourselves.
Those who fixate on what could have been are bound to miss what already is.
There's always another side to the story but nothing compares to the glory of our own short sighted, one sided glorious view
Disappointment is a blessing. If you were never disappointed, you'd never know what was important to you.
Love can bless you with a sense of purpose and direction when all else fails. Because to have faith in love is to be optimistic about life. Love is hopefulness.
Love is the most integral function of our lives. That is why LOVE is only one letter away from LIVE.
To love is to finally live.
Being creative is not something you do. Its something you are. Each moment of ur life is creative
If you can't connect the Dots, Find the right dots first.
Stop writing caption. Go action!
Black Girls. Beautiful in EVERY shade and size. We've got that special something! Our melanin is exquisitely beautiful! Love & embrace the skin that you're in. Our skin tones represent beauty. Light, brown, and dark skinned girls are equally gorgeous!
Black Girls. Naturally resilient! We persevere, stand tall, and fight to the end. We don't give up! We make moves and succeed. We're go-getters by nature. We are stronger than most. We are unstoppable! Fearless and confident in our capabilities. WE are Black Girl Strong! #Incomparable
Knowing you, I understood myself.
Stop looking forward to things, look inward instead.
All kinds of people read poetry: revolutionaries, scholars, sentimentalists etc. But above all else, lovers read poetry. Why? Because we fell in love. And then we fell in love with love.
For everything sacred has the substance of dreams and memories, and so we experience the miracle of what is separated from us by time or distance suddenly being made tangible.
Ask of your eyes to seeonly to seek love.Ask of your mouth to speakonly to utter words of love.Ask of your hands to feelif only to touch the lover.
There must be something I am doing that will make sense to somebody some day.
We all choose our way of life, and that makes us who we are. We're not a reflection of our choice, we're a choice.
You'll never be completely sure about the first move, but do it anyway.
Tell the negative committee that meets inside your head that they have nothing to say you haven't heard before and it's about time they disbanded until they have something positive to say.
Don't try to make life fair, instead, be on the side where life is extra good.
Never ever let a stupid criticise you. And as we already know, everyone is stupid.
Spend your time with family and people you love. Don't wait for festivals be with them, each moment you're with them, that's a festival.
Love is just a mask. All we search is a Comfort, Acceptance. Consolation. Affirmation. Assurance. Indulgence. Isolation. Absolution and Remission.
Talking with someone at four in the morning, that's not the thing most people have a simplicity to enjoy.
In the world we live, either everyone is stupid or no one is.
The difference between lonely and lovely is only of one single alphabet. That single alphabet is called Friends.
If I've learned one thing about a woman: they'll get over every damn single tragedy without losing the charm of their smile.
Im happy to sit and be an ear to listen when the world gets wild but Id much prefer to watch the ways your eyes in sparkle in the midst of convincing me why you love the things you do. It gives me hope that someone else out there feels everything with this much depth and has the willingness to create a beautiful life from it.
A man's shortcoming lies in the belief that he must always assert his manliness. A woman's shortcoming lies in the belief that she must always repress it.
As long as you're not hurting anyone or anything, including your future self, do only that which makes you happy.
Tragedy makes you disable, but your attitude towards tragedy keeps you disable.
When was the last time you kissed somebody new. If you can tackle that fear, you've nothing to fear.
Who cares about tomorrow?What more is tomorrow,than another day?(-The Avett Brothers, "Swept Away")
Enjoy this moment. The ultimate fulfilment of the dream will not come close to the dream. Enjoy it
You can't condemn an entire species of people because of the actions of one man.
To get change, you must first pay for it.
Your words are like mirrors. They may cut, but they also reflect.
Even before you start regretting it, it is already in the past.
It's much more efficient to build on a head-strong teen than to fix a broken-spirited adult.
Life is an inside job and it is much easier if we let it go and get out of our own way!
Show me your shoes, and I shall show you what paths you have yet to walk.
If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality, if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality,if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
Today I'll fix the mistakes I madeyesterday and tomorrow I'll fix themistakes I made today
I am no longer scared to close my eyes and dream
The best way to accomplish something is to just do it, and then find the courage afterwards.
People become successful the minute they decide to.
Better to say nothing at all, rather than something you'll regret.
Because when I dream, I feel no fear, And when I am fearless, I am my most creative self.
The closest thing to perfection is imperfection
When you think you can't revisit a previous triumph.
The truth is, I feel myself being fascinated and repelled by her: She's both a mirror of myself and a door to part of this island that I'm not.
It's a crime, when you think about how little time we get, that a man should ever be bored. When you are lying on your death bead, I expect you regret those weeks wasted more than your worst mistakes.
He who discovers the light, discovers life. He who discovers the dark, discovers death, Neither are wrong and neither are right; your perception is what will guide your path. Our minds are our tools, our hearts our truth and our instinct our guidance, don't let them fool you.
While you're waiting on opportunity, it might be waiting on you to come to it. Get up and go get it!
Your success and significance in life is tied to the unleashing of the greatness in you.
My imagination and power are limitless. Nothing can stop me from achieving my dreams.
Emancipation from suffering is your birthright.
I think I'll feel out of place wherever I go on earth, forever. But that's fine. I have to make my peace with that.
I tend to be drawn to people who are similar. Very independent. And the ones who aren't, it doesn't work. It doesn't last. I'm drawn to quiet people - certainly I am now.
People want to spend time together and I just couldn't pretend that I wanted to do that. But now I do get it. [..] Though I still don't do that.
Negative people feed off of your anger, let them starve.
Your purpose has the capacity to employ and enrich you for a lifetime.
Fight your fears with fierce and your life becomes fabulous.
The best tourist is one without a camera
Nobody is a cure.
The best tourist is one without a camera.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
There is no job more important than parenting. This I believe.
In fairy tales the evil characters disappear or die, in reality, evil spreads while you wait for your hero on a horse, only to realise the sword to save yourself was always in your hand...
Remember to live and learn to give.
Give much, demand little.
The more you give, the more you will have to give.
When we spend money we lose them forever, when we give them away, we will have them forever.
Give away everything to have it forever.
Don't give a gift with expectation to get but if you have got a gift always try to give.
When you give without expectation, you will always have more to give away.
The more you give, the more you will have the ability to give.
You never can give without receiving it.
Give with love, give with smile, give freely, it is our duty and responsibility to humanity.
Generosity is the flower of our love for the humanity.
The joy of giving last forever.So give with love and forget it never.
Serve a person in need.Give generously indeed.
To have more, give moreTo be happy, love more.
Giving and receiving are the same process. You are the conduit playing your role.
It isn't important how much you are giving but it is very important that you are giving.
Generosity is not only giving but also a sign of caring.
More often than not, how you give is more important than what you give.
She's a sailboat and I'm an anchor, pulling us both down.
We all have problems, but let's not kid ourselves: it's how we deal with them that makes the difference.
Give yourself without expecting any return.
Some people are lucky to find love, others must settle with being liked...
A little hope and love now and thenWise and beautiful, more than often.
Hope is the light, which shows the way of life.
A baby is the symbol of the future, hope for the future, and our opinion in the future.
Hope is the blue skyAlways inviting but always shy. Hope is the flowers of imaginationAlways stimulate our mind for action.
Hope keeps us alive. Life is interesting because of egocentric hope and love full sprit.
Hope is the thread between life and death,As long as hope is alive we take breath.
Hope for joy, desire beauty.Love much, live for eternity.
When we desire and hope for excellence and take action we become what we desire.
Hope is the dance of the spirit. Mind is the stage and imagination is the music.
When you hope for the best for sure something better will happen.
Failure is temporary but hope is forever.
At the time of destruction and despair hope for the better.
Hope is the light through which we see the future.
A baby is a symbol of hope for the future.
When there is destruction, hope for a great creations.
Future belongs to those who live with hopes and dreams, act on those dreams and hopes until those are a reality.
Tonight I have nothing to do but to dream and hope.
Today's dreams create tomorrow's hope. So act today and hope for the best.
I am an optimist, I always hope for the best.
Keep hope alive to be happy.
When hope is gone, life is done.Keep hope alive to have a happy life.
Dream is the roadmap but hope is the guiding light in the way of life.
Hope is the magic of life, it keeps us alive.
As long as hope is alive happiness will be there.
Hopes and desires are the fundamental source if creation.
I believe that hope, imagination, and dreams create our destiny.
Hope is dancing in the skyInviting you to have a dance.
We came to the world with love and hopeWe are the creation of hope, faith and love.
When you're alive hope is smiling for a great life.So don't delay, hope for the best, take actions and have a great life.
Hope is a conscious mission. Dream is an unconscious vision.
Let us hope for the best, let us dream and go for the quest.
Hope is a flower bud in the garden of the mind, waiting to bloom in the morning sun.
Love is still alive in my heart. Dreams are still alive at the dead of night. Hopes are still dancing in my mind.
The essence if hope is accepting uncertainty.
If there is no dream, there will be no hope. If there is no hope there will be no life.
Hope is a garden where dreams grow like flowers.
Hopes are potential power. It has the innate ability to show the way of life.
Hope is like a beautiful flower. If we take great care of our hope, life could be a beautiful garden.
Hopes are plants, which need care, love, and irrigation.
Hopes are the creators of life. Always keep hope alive
Life begins with hope. Every seed has the hope of becoming a tree.
Hope is like a dream with plan and purpose.
Let dreams shine. Let hope bloom again.
When true trust has been established, you become one
If we followed our feelings all the time, we'd be like cats chasin' their tails.
Never give up hope! If you do, you be dead already.
The only reason a true friend won't be there to pick you up is because they are lying beneath you from trying to break your fall.
life is like a teabag; you end up dead, replaced and forgotten.
You've got to have confidence in the very thing that makes you unique - then wait for the world to catch up
As an author, I want to write what I'm inspired to write. Not what my readers want me to write. I feel like the books will ultimately be better if my heart is fully into what I'm writing.
In life there might be rules. In love there are no exceptions to those rules. No one is spared from heartbreak. We all suffer it at some point or another. You simply can't control who you love and in particular, you can't control what kind of person they are.
Love grants us the power to forgive, to love when we're hurt, but it also gives us the courage to let go, and the understanding that to love, we love freely-at our own choice.
Starting the Day- Another chance to be new again. How many of us still wish for that? To be your own sunrise. To awaken like a prayer -both solemn and joyful at still being alive.
They sky is never falling...thing will work out, they ALWAYS work out. Stay focused, accept everything as perfect and keep moving forward toward the direction of your goals.
Temptation turns you. It makes you into something you never dreamed, it presses you to give up everything you ever loved, it calls you to sell your soul for one, fleeting moment.[..] It makes you ache...you'll make any promise,swear any oath. For one...perfect...unsoiled taste
Psychic is the new normal.
Your time is your time. Be awake to it. It's hard work to be wisely alive.
You can do something, but not everything.
No matter what happens or what we go through, there is always a miracle waiting for us. The miracle is you.
To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.
Maybe one day we'll find that place, where you and I could be together and we'll catch our dreams within the waves of change. So hear me, you are not alone.
The chaos in me is the chaos in you. Like the love in you is the love in me. So maybe we're both a little crazy. Enough to believe we're found where dreams are born and beneath our faults remain a science, where you and I will run away and leave nothing behind.
Ill love you with every little bit of everything that has ever consumed me and I will forever love you and forever find you in every life time and so on. Until the stars die out and the universe leaps but even then, my love will remain.
The more I learned the less I felt I knew you and I got lost counting stars, I fell dreaming. Sometimes I'd wander away. Maybe I wasn't ready or maybe it was just a hard time to love. You always reminded me of home and I could never fathom the reasoning behind your smile. Perhaps one day, if we believe enough, we'll find our way.
She had more of me then I had of myself. We were both wild birds chasing the stars. We'd lose our way and find new places, close our eyes and fall back towards a constellation of dreams. We wrapped ourselves in a blanket of passion and each night we fell deeper without control, into this strange space called love.
Maybe all that we are is what people expect us to be.
Every broken piece of me fell on every broken piece of you and when I took the missing parts, like the emptiness of me I saw the emptiness of you and I poured my half upon you to fill you whole. I risked it all just to dream you complete and catch you one day free in the wild.
She had the power to change the world but she couldn't save the one she loved.
That night I didn't say anything. I just watched you leave and in the end, I just stayed sleeping awake. Somewhere between a sweet dream and a beautiful nightmare, hoping one day you'd return to rid me of the demons you left behind.
technology murdered childhood.
Magic is when you live your life the way you didn't picture it and leave nothing behind.
Your greatest dreams will always slumber within the vicious depths of fear.
She got inside me with her story. I could feel her flowing in me and far, faraway I related in parallel. Her smile was a reflection of my own brokenness. It defined buried feelings that I could never ignore.
The fear of loving a dog, is knowing one day they'll be gone and you could never find eyes that express all that you feel.
I wrote her story because she wanted to live forever and I loved her far more with every word, too much! Even in death her life sought out beauty, for her moments were consumed with love and I could never write such a story without her stars flaming in my heart.
Sometimes those we love break us to bind us whole within the transition.
Use love as the only instrument to question the world around you.
The seed of our love will always cube within the wonder of infinite.
Stand tall and face YOUR truth. Speak boldly and be confident in what you say. Don't just dream, but take the steps to get where you want to be. Stay motivated, determined, and focused because YOU are worth it! Giving up is NOT an option. Keep your eyes on what matters and what's truly important.
Stop hating yourself for the things you have not and start loving yourself for the things that you have.
It really sucks to come in second in your own life. It sucks even more to think that this is okay.
Take off my clothes and there becomes a man. Take off my skin and there becomes my bones. Break all my bones and there becomes my heart. Smash my heart and there becomes my soul. And that you cannot take. And what is my soul?...It is everything that make a man. It is everything that makes this man.
Never trust a fiction author. They spend countless hours making you believe in a world they created. They are among the best, most dedicated liars in the world.
This is the only advice I offer you. Pick the small thing, and carry it on. Let it change your life.
Marriage is love put to it's ultimate test - the grindstone of life. Where the idealism of love meets the everydayness of marriage.
Marriage is not the beginning of the journey, nor the end - it is the journey.
Do not give a damn what "they" have to say (and you will know who they are) for you are either very right or very wrong, but at least you are very something.
When do you become a man? When you become your own man. When other men trust you to do a man's work. Trust you with their name, their reputation, their thoughts. Trust you to watch their backs and trust you with their lives.
HungerYou are only here now, and then you are gone. So be hungry. Hunger toward beauty. Hunger toward love. Hunger towards the unimaginable and unthinkable.
Sunrise - a time when all truths are still clean and enviable.
Living isn't always red bows and birthday balloons.
When do you become a man? Becoming a man means doing the right thing even though it may be hard or difficult. Boys do what is easiest. A man does what is right, whether easy or not.
I honor the past. I'm loyal to the future. But I fight with the present. Since NOW's where I belong, every battle's fought with urgency.
You might want more time in your life to attempt the things you like to do, and not just perform the things you have to do.
People say they walk on the shoulders of giants. True, but have you ever walked like one?
A Good Man. Every night, like a question-and-answer prayer, my son and I recite...What are you going to be? And he says...An honest man. A fair man. A courageous man. And a good man. That's the most important thing, Papa. And my job is finally done. For the night.
Life is not about negative circumstances that happen to you, it's about what you do with the golden opportunities hidden within!
There is both joy and suffering on planet Earth because this beautiful world is a world of duality - a world of opposites. There is an opposite side to everything.
Put your hand on your heart and ask yourself, what do I want? The first thing that comes to mind is always the right one.
I've read somewhere in a book when something happens that is unbearable to you, sometimes, time stops. Like your inner clock just stops working, even if the world keeps spinning you will stand still for the rest of your life.
A woman can lend a man the strength to conquer a kingdom, and bring him to his knees with one breath.
She clenches the crystal necklace that Dagna gave me, the one I always wear. Never lose this, Harmony. It is a symbol of the beginning. The power that still lingers inside it will help you, but even as it fades, the memory of everything until now will carry you as if it were still strong.
Happiness doesn't come from doing what we like to do but from liking what we have to do.
Only those who believe can achieve what others merely dream about. However, without these same dreams we will achieve little. Dream AND believe to ACHIEVE!!!
All the whispering, glaring, pointing and judging makes them no better than whoever or whatever it is they're gossiping about.
Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
Commas' nourishes your desires and full-stop kills.
It's good to let your mind wonder, as long as you know where it's going
I generally don't become overexcited about things anyway, I'm just not one of those people.I'm not easily surprised by things either. I think it's because I expect that anything can happen. That makes me sound like a believer and I'm not necessarily that either. I'll phrase it better: I just accept things that happen. All things.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond who you were.
Always tell yourself that you are as good as anyone that breathes; that you have two hands and a brain, and a little time in which to use them. But they are enough, and no one has any more. And if you train and force them to serve you well, you can reach any height to which you aspire. But to waste any of them is to betray yourself.
If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence
I must have no fear of failure. It was my fear of failure that first kept me from attempting the Master Work.
Nothing is Impossible. The word "impossible" itself reads "I'm Possible"!
What's the bigger risk: Taking the risk, or not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by taking the risk, even if you fail?
Without ambition, no goal can be met.
You should holistically build yourself to be the best you. The evidence of your glorious life should be an inspiration to many . You create your world yourself in your own positive way. You are stronger than ever and bolder than you think. Brave the odds and initiate new imprints for all to aspire and follow your footprints.
Time is a watchful adversary, who waits enduringly for that merciless hour, hurrying to work the hands of separation.
To be a highflier and a name to conjure with, you must decide your dimension, plan your path, master the moment, focus on the future, determine your degree, push your persistence and leadyour life.
Being innovative is to allow yourself to expose your mind to something great that has potential to change lives and the world positively and you take action on it.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Do not be afraid. Do not be satisfied with mediocrity. Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch.
If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion.
This world demands the qualities of youth; not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease.
Everyone who has ever taken a shower has had an idea. It's theperson who gets out of the shower, dries off, and does somethingabout it that makes a difference.
All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days. Nor will it be finished in the first one thousand days . . .nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.
All through my life, I have been tested. My will has been tested, my courage has been tested, my strength has been tested. Now my patience and endurance are being tested.
Courage, I realised, was not the absence of fear: it was the absence of selfishness; putting someone else's interest before one's own.
Today we fight. Tomorrow we fight. The day after, we fight. And if this disease plans on whipping us, it better bring a lunch, 'cause it's gonna have a long day doing it.
Don't wish to be normal. Wish to be yourself. To the hilt. Find out what you're best at, and develop it, and hopscotch your weaknesses. Wish to be great at whatever you are.
You make all kinds of mistakes, but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce, you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her.
If I charge, follow me. If I retreat, kill me. If I die, revenge me.
Do not be afraid. Because if you let these fears consume you, you'll most likely fail even before everything else starts.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Spontaneous insanity is the real bliss! It's sad that we are honored for playing sane, serious, safe, miserable and controlling in this poor world.
Always be bold in everything you do, because boldness has genius, power and magic in it which makes impossibility possible
Today I am someone different. Today I have finally become who I really am.
And for me, it means honoring those who've loved me and sacrificed for me by choosing to be the kind of warrior who delivers justice even when it threatens to hurt me.
Love is like life with or without justice, with or without fairness.
The Coward will run away from danger, only to strike in the dark. The Heroine will run through the dark, even though she knows the coward is waiting to strike.
The word that came to me now was "defiant." Because a person had to be defiant to be able to stand amid the wreckage of her life and instead of shaking a fist, pick up a hammer.
Thought you could kill my Snow-on-the-Mountain, did you? Well, Jessie says that the top's growing back out. Next time you'll know how to do it right, won't you? You'll pull it up by the roots, won't you?
you say you have no courage, but i see it in you. what you did, the burden you agreed to shoulder, took courage. for that, i honor you.
Nearly all men have weak hearts, in one way or another.
When you have nothing left, you don't have anything to lose.
The bottom line is that no matter what you've experiencedin life, no matter what kind of trauma you've been through,no matter what bad decisions you've made, if you accept therealities of your situation, you can properly address them witha plan and with action.
You learn to be resilient, to survive when you know you are capable of making worthy contribution to the world; you fight it when you have nothing to lose and so much to gain.
A man of courage is in command of himself.
A counterfeit can never be a substitute for the real thing
It will be very hard. You'll make a million mistakes, and you'll pay for them all, one way or another. But the hard parts will be your parts, they won't be hard parts other people have imposed on you for their own reasons, or maybe for no reason at all. And your ownership of them - your responsibility to and for them - makes all the difference in the world.
You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
Without craziness, there is no courage.
My generation of radicals and breakers-down never found anything to take the place of the old virtues of work and courage and the old graces of courtesy and politeness.
False reasons trapped in your old bean. Failure isn't your nemesis, denial of truth is.
If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it.
If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it,
Every time we witness an injustice and do not act, we train our character to be passive in its presence and thereby eventually lose all ability to defend ourselves and those we love.
To experience courage, is to experience life. Reflected in loved ones, the greatest encouragement. Dignity, integrity and strength, a harmonious chord, interwoven into an unbreakable cord.
There is nothing that can defeat you if it does not first capture your mind.
Until there are so many of them that no one dares to chase them anymore. Until they're an army in themselves. Because if a sufficient number of people are different, no one has to be normal.
If you are only worried about not making a mistake then you will communicate nothing
Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.
When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.
Once you set the bar high for yourself, you cannot go back to mediocrity. You must give world-class performance in all that you do. Your work ethic, persistence, effort and dedication will glow on your behalf. Do not brag about your accomplishments; allow your reputation to speak of your magnificence.
I needed to realise my role in the drama and it was only then that I could learn and be better for it, and it was only then that I could move forward. I needed to move forward and had to look at each day as a way of becoming a better me. And when I got better, the people around me reciprocated.
Only a bet on the impossible makes sense. It is an act of faith and courage requiring an irrational leap over reason. A man wins simply by making such a bet.
Don't let anyone tell you what you can and can't do or achieve. Do what you want to do and be who you want to be. Just encourage and include each other, don't ostracize the gender in front of you.
I find myself enjoying being alone a lot of the time, people come and people go and you have to find a way to be ok with both.
Even if you are having a nightmare day during which nothing will go right, never cease looking for the ball. In the end everything will come right, for football is a game that rewards those who show courage.
Most of us will have no idea where we are going most of the time. And I know that is unsettling.But circumstantial uncertainty also goes by another name: Adventure.
Courage was something John Reckless only ever wished he had. Courage was not a given; it was acquired, earned. You had to take the difficult paths, and John had always picked the easy ones.
I am bold as a lion.
Courage isn't something you can conjure, it's either in you or it's not.
Your will to success supersedes all other wills.
Stand out. Dare to deliver what's in your heart.
Courage is an act of faith.
Only a small crack ... but cracks make caves collapse.
We do not have control over what happens to us. But we have the courage to conquer.
Never be afraid of darkness, it is only temporary. Have hope, have the courage, be cautious, walk and continue your journey. Life is not always a fairy tale but like a rolling stone we need to go up and down until it stop.
If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.""What do you mean?" I ask."If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway," Fia says."That's courage.
Courage is not the absence of fear. It is accepting and neutralizing the fear with the power of love.
The miracle of life is self-confidence.
True courage is in knowing that there is nothing to scare you.
Have the courage to walk in truth, the strength to love always, and the integrity to never stray away from doing so.
Do it anyway. Fear will melt away.
Don't desire kindness but desire courage so that you may persist on the right path.
You cannot enrich yourself with material possessions. However, you can enrich yourself by giving yourself away with love, service, kindness, compassion, and courage.
You have the courage to take chances.
With courage, always go where you fear to go.
Love and kindness is the source of courage.
Trusting yourself means you dare walk alone.
May you have the courage to conquer any circumstance.
Authenticity inspire respect because it takes courage to own who you really are.
For beautiful success, serve with love and serve with courage.
Fear of failure is deceptive.Don't do it, you'll fail, it says.Courage is inceptive.It's where success starts.
Promise me you won't sacrifice your happiness for something so cheap as acceptance. Find your courage.
Find courage to overcome the circumstance.
Tell yourself ' I can'. And you will be capable to act.
The government
In conquering life' challenges, you become courageous.
Every challenge you conquer, will make you courageous.
The light within is a fire, whose flame does not burn, but brings warmth; and whose rays do not blind, but illuminate. Once kindled, it blazes a trail and lights our way.
Perhaps each of us has a starved place, and each of us knows deep down what we need to fill that place. To find the courage to trust and honor the search, to follow the voice that tells us what we need to do, even when it doesn't seem to make sense, is a worthy pursuit.
Fear deprives us the fullness of existence.
It is better to be positive than negative.
Fear is the greatest obstacle to any adventure.
Courage is most powerful thing inside us, It won't let us run away from any problem.
We need people who dive deep, dream and dare do. We need people able to grasp the sublime and, therefore, that which is universally true for all. We need them to reclaim our humanity.
Consistency. Clarity. Courage. I like to stand for consistency, clarity and courage in my thoughts, words, and actions.
You've to stand up for yourself. If you don't, no one else will.
Great stories strengthen us to be great souls.
What's usual for us may not be the same for everyone. I'm inspired by lives and stories of all those amazing people who overcome extraordinary challenges each day to live what we see as an ordinary life.
Intent matters. Integrity matters. Courage matters. If you have the three, nothing else matters
You can courageously conquer any challenge.
I have no control over time. I can only live in the time.
Be strong and begin again!
Freedom is the courage to resist anything, which obstructs your dream.
Those who dare try are heroic souls.
Be confident, be bold! These are your life greatest strength for success.
Freedom is the brevity to resist detrimental act.
Keep an eye on your responses. Strong responses are about you more than them.
The leaderly response to personal irritation is to relax and open up not push, run, or close down.
Just because those around you do not constantly tell you what they are going through in their personal life, it does not mean they are living in a fairytale.
Everything meaningful encounters resistance, don't get scared of whatever comes your way, just go with the right strategy and plan, their you'll overcome it at last.
Look onwards to what lies ahead.
Inspiring someone else to follow their dreams is the hope of anyone who has the courage to follow their own.
You ought to find all your might, to climb a higher height.
You ought to write down the glow of thoughts as it's ignites.
You must have courage and confidence to pursue the visions.
Every action today will define the future.
We will never surrender but go forward to win the game.
Until I was left with nothing but life and books, I realised these two gracious gifts, where enough for me to exist.
Keep moving forward in the power of thy might.
Great faith, Great hope, Great courage.
It is better to live life with great faith, hope and courage.
You have to prepare physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually to conquer any mountain.
KEY OF LIFEThe key of lifeSymbolizes the mapOf existence.Once you free yourselfFrom all resistance,Your path will become white -For the remainder of the distance.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Times of adversity are golden moments.
Every individual must be given the opportunity to unearth his/her highest potential.
There is no limit to what you can do.
Passion, patient, perseverance and persistent are four keys to great achievements.
I love to play the game of life.
the taste of death does not comes from the recipe of cowardness
Run the race of life with all perseverance and endurance.
Everyone has to start somewhere. So get out there and start.
I want you to believe in yourself, and take chances, even if it is scary and even if you don't know what you are doing yet.
Never undervalue who you are, and NEVER underestimate what you are capable of.
If you can endure, if you can persevere, if you can work and not grow weary, if you're both obsessed and talented, well, you might have a shot.
Everybody's got their opinion on who they think you are or how strong or how weak you are, but at the end of the day all that matters is who you know you are, don't ever forget that.
Finding one's place in the world is never easy.Have courage and be true to who you are.Remember, those who dare to be different areOften the ones who change the world.
Never think twice, when you have decided once.
Even if someone is already dead in front of you, knock twice on the heart who knows they might answer.
Whenever it comes to doing anything. Remember the part about having confidence.
How simple it is to acknowledge that all the worry in the world could not control the future. How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and that there will never be a time when it is not now.
You have to conquer every obstacle to realize the goal.
Do not judge a woman on her knees_you never know how tall she is when she stands!
I ain't scared to lend a handI ain't scared to clench it either
Action gives a decision power and finality.
True courage consists in being courageous precisely when when we're not.
To be fearless you must fear less
Life is a fairytale of courage, fear, failure, persistence and triumph.
Conquer fear and you have conquered all.
If you must catch, you must not fear what is being thrown.
Courage comes from knowing that fear is a false perception.
For whether a place is a heaven or a hell rests in yourself, and those who go with courage may find themselves in paradise.
Worry has never solved a problem.
It is the possibility of the dream, which quickens my spirit to take action.
Children are gentle and heed. Adults are tough and seize. Wise men and women have the strength and flexibility to do what's right.
Pursue your dreams. You will be amazed about what you can achieve it.
It's scary to make friends, it's scarier to stand up for a friend, but it's scariest to not be a friend for fear will be your only company.
I am a strong woman, I can endure it all.
You are a leader when your actions encourage someone to reveal himself with hope, courage, confidence and trust.
Whenever you hear yourself or others telling you you cannot do something, do that particular something, and notice how quickly everyone shuts the hell up.
Prove yourself and others wrong everyday by redefining who you THINK you are, through performing actions you would normally deem impossible or uncharacteristic of you.
Let you limitation fuel your determination to work on your strengths.
May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
When the expected occurred, never panic, by keep calming, you gain control over the situation.
The will to dare, the power to act.
Be thankful to those who refuse to help you, for they force you to summon upon your warrior within.
When you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear.
Life is filled with opportunities. Be courageous and fulfill your destiny. You were created for a purpose and once you realize your potential, you become unstoppable. Let no one get in the way of you pursuing your dreams.
Your past history is NOT an excuse.
Greatness emanates through endurance and triumph over the difficulties in life.
Life's too short to do anything but enjoy it daily.
Sure, life as we know it is enough. But life as we don't know it? That's where the magic awaits. That's where second chances abound.
True courage is not the absence of fear; it is refusing to let fear control your actions. ~ from the book "Do Hard Things
Gratitude...here at home our faith dwindlespolitical division causes tensions to kindle -we should never forgetwho stands at the door -who shields us with armorand shall forever more...
Life can be the worst bully in the world, Grandpa said and pointed a finger at Mathieu. And you will stand up to that bully.
Work, love, courage and hope,Make me good and help me cope!
Free your mind of that which you have no control. It is not only good to do so for your mental, but your overall health. Some people must learn from experience. You can convey knowledge to them and offer to show them the way. But, that doesn't mean your wisdom will be accepted or appreciated.
Loving someone doesn't mean you have to bow down to them or drop everything and run to their relentless calls. They must understand and love you enough to give you the respect that you deserve. Loving someone doesn't mean you have to shower them with gifts all the time. Give them your honesty, hope, joy, and encouragement on a daily basis.
He could silence me, but Rob had no power over my mind
We might be hollow, but we're brave
That is what love does, it upstages fear.
Just underneath your breaking point lies your true strength.
In this space, in this moment, we are who we want to be. I am lucky, because for me that doesn't take much courage. But for others, it takes a world of bravery to make it to the clearing.
We've made our decisions, We've taken our choices, What's left, is only a hand-full of emotions.
I felt afraid. No one would know that, not Mother and not Mike. I'd keep the fear pushed down inside of me, and no one would know it was there. I'm awfully happy, I wrote. I was. Awfully happy and awfully in love, and tomorrow I was marrying Mike.
It is about time to see within us a real change and let it happen as we have made before we start.
If you need to know courage then you personally is the courage you discovered by yourself, try harder things and it will show up.
I thought I would die without you, in reality I was reborn...
Even the Sun gets tired of rising, but he does it out of love for the Earth...
Live for what you love, and die for what you're unwilling to live without...
We search for happiness across every landscape, if only we knew that the seed in which it first grows, is planted within ourselves...
Kindness gives courage.
Your kindness becomes your courage.
We can never achieve and succeed without first making excellence second nature.
Without courage, little is done and accomplished.
One of the best confidence builder is experience.
I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. I hope you know that who you are is who you choose to be, and that whispers behind your back don't define you. You are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.
All the things that people do in order to show that they don't need anybody... meanwhile, all they really want to do is say, "Please keep me." We all want to be kept. The problem is we are too afraid to let anyone know about it. What are these fragile things in our hearts that have so much fear of being broken?
Defeat is only defeat if we accept it as defeat. Victory often comes after defeat, because one was too stubborn to allow it to be their reality. In the trail of any great conflict you will see the scuff marks, where the one was beaten down, but they could not be taught to stay that way.
A great leader fights with great adversity, suffers greatly, but courageously, and never forget to help others is his ultimate duty.
Greatness demands great courage.
From kindness comes courage.
For a leader, courage, love, and passion for service are the virtues of life.
Courage is like magic, courage vanishes crisis.
Fear not the unknown. It is a sea of possibilities.
If you don't know what it is you're looking for you're NEVER going to find it. You have to be clear on what it is you're seeking.
Embrace courageously the challenging beauty of life.
This is what life is about: seeing new places, meeting new people, grabbing life by the balls and squeezing until it coughs up a story worth telling.
You can always create the life you want.Workhard to fulfill your dreams.
Social Media begins with a story - your story.
Dare to courageous in life.You have nothing to lose.
Courage is being who you are.Courage is sacred of thyself.
Strive toward what you know you must achieve, in confident & courageous manner.
Courage, will-power and confidence in your abilities will carry you to greater heights.
Have the courage to do what you're not ready to do.
Once you learn to hit, teach yourself to never miss again.
We are all born to fly. Instead, we sit on the branches afraid of the leap into the unknown. But the unknown is where enlightenment lives. Our true nature is the unknown.
Whatever your difficulty, whatever your hardship in life: Dance and make the song you sing your prayer. Sing it courageously, and with each step strengthen yourself with the knowledge and wisdom of your elders, so that whatever next happens, you can survive and not lose your rhythm.
Courage can't see around corners, but goes around them anyway.
On one side of accountability is courage, on the other is freedom.
The most important experiences of a man are those which take him to his or her limit.To learn beyond that, one needs to accumulate all the courage and expand his limits.Sex, pain and love are all extreme experiences. Dreaming big is another such extreme experience.
Risk may bring pain, but risk also brings freedom and reward.
Our soul contains energy, transformed into Spirit, expressing dreams and thoughts through works of the mind.
Until we see the 'this- advantage' in the disadvantage we shall always be looking at the disadvantages in life. life does not present us with disadvantages, it gives us 'this- advantages' to take. It is only because of excuses and low courage that we regard 'this advantages' as disadvantages
We all were courageous in the starting moments, few of us stayed courageous till the final moments and the world called them successful men.
Dare to take chances. Dare to take the path less traveled.You may never know where the path may lead you.
Believe in yourself even when others doubt your capabilities.
We were meant to live courageous and bold lives and not lives of mediocrity. However, we have to live our lives actively and on purpose each day to be unstoppable.
feeling shy is simply replacing courage with the feeling and fear of how others will perceive or what they will say about us after and act. Courage dares regardless
A champion, he said, wins a World Series or an Olympic and is hoisted on the shoulders of teammates and fans. A hero carries the people on his shoulders. Champions live for the moment- heroes, like Jackie Robinson, transcend time.
If you're living in the present...you only have to deal with what's actually going on in that moment.
Stay put and you will remain as such. Jump in and you might get wet. Dive and you might find true happiness.
As long you are still living, you can achieve far more than you could ever imagined
If we don't fight for what we 'stand for' with our passionate words and honest actions, do we really 'stand' for anything?
Maybe it's just in America, but it seems that if you're passionate about something, it freaks people out. You're considered bizarre or eccentric. To me, it just means you know who you are.
Only with absolute fearlessness can we slay the dragons of mediocrity that invade our gardens.
Don't let bad thoughts deceive you into thinking that you have to feel bad. Be aware and conscious of it and choose to think good thoughts whenever you are bombarded with the bad.Remember to live your life passionately!
And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Everyone has got something to give.
If you organize your life around your passion, you can turn your passion into your story and then turn your story into something bigger - something that matters.
When you consistently complain about the things you are gifted to do, check your motivation.
Love opens the most impossible gates in the world.
Respect your passion and work on it. Your passion will respect you back.
Out of the fire, passion is born.
The greatest blessings are birthed out of adversity.
Anything beautiful now was just a thought yesterday.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
To become successful online, you only need to remember the following : Good Heart + Passion + Web Design + SEO + Digital Marketing + Dedication + Positiveness + Patience = Success
Once a woman stands for a cause, the sounds of her stilettos echoes to the far ends of the earth that the world has no choice but to listen to her voice. Yes, she could be supple,flexible. but she is resilient. She is established.
It's not your end goal that gives life to your required actions, it's your required actions that give life to your end goal.
One person's disapproval shouldn't make you quit. If it's your passion, a thousand people screaming 'No!' still won't stop you!
We need work as much as we need rest; the two complement each other, one drawing power and enjoyability from the other. Rest is sweet after work, and work enjoyable after a good rest.
Do what gives you joy.
It is wise to do what you love.
Your present interests are not a solid basis of a career decisions. So, stop following your passion and Do What Is Valuable.!
The sacred soul who desire to work, must not be interrupted.
May you find endless enthusiasm to achieve your dreams in the coming year.
Be curious! Be crazy with passion! Astound yourself!
I love her and that's the beginning and end of everything.
Find your passion, it makes all the difference.
Without passion everything lame in this life.
If you wanna live long, live your Passion.
I am not concerned about results. The only thing I am concerned about is the process. How you tried to achieve something matters more than what you achieved.
Three Ps that I can't sacrifice: Process, Purpose, and Principles.
To all young people out there: This is the time you should be fearless but not jobless. Identify the right job, find what excited you the most, find what you are the most passionate about.
I will live a joyful simple life, doing what I love.
I refuse to believe in three things: cash, clock, and calendar. You should never be enslaved by these three.
The only thing that satisfies the soul is passionate life.
I will rather be poor doing what I love, than to be rich hating what I do.
Turn your fears into excitement.Your anxieties into enthusiasm. Your passion into energy.
Begin to live, love, laugh, kiss, smile, hug.!
Dare to be you.
Work with enthusiasm.
I have found a higher calling; inspirational-writing!I can't imagine myself doing any other work, when I ought to write and transmit, awe-inspiring-words, to the souls longing for it.
Together, we can serve humanity with our unique passions, gifts and abilities.
Pursuit of excellence is the desire for divine fulfilment.
Love your work and rejoice in all your accomplishments.
You must find your sacred path and travel on
It feels great to do what you love.
May you find the courage to confidently pursue your dreams.
I know what I want. I will chase to it.
Relaxation is good, holidays are necessary, but there is nothing as rewarding and healthy as doing what you love and loving what you do. Our honest toil should inspire and satisfy us.
We must pursue knowledge and wisdom above all other things.
Every path that my foot has treaded was divinely ordered.
I do not mind sleepless night to be involved in reading.
Written words are divine footprints on earth.
You have a great passion for great works.
What drives your passion?
You must fall in love with your job, over and over again, to own it.
Find your passion and live it.
Passion is not what gives you bliss or makes you happy 24/7, but what you're willing to suffer for, what you genuinely believe to be worth the sacrifice.
Be daring, be passionate and persistently pursue your dreams.
Explore the wonders of different shades of colours. It is purely lovely.
Choosing the wrong way makes us feel different and ensured you to take right decision
Find a vocation and passionately commit your life to it.
Refuse to live a settle for it life.
Feeling lonely? Wish you had a special someone to help fill the void? Reconsider your definition of romance, reconnect to your passions and be swept away.
Your passion sustains you. Your purpose is why you were created. Follow your passion but ensure you fulfill your purpose.
The odds may be stacked against you. But I believe when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and rest of us.
The odds may be stacked against you. Yet, I believe, when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance, you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and the rest of us.
Stop living in the shadows of another. You've been given everything needed to live a purposed filled life. Don't be a second rate version of yourself.
People quick to criticize others, but won't shine the light on themselves. You can't always judge a book by the outside appearance. You have to open it up and read in order to discover how precious it is.
If you want to find your passion, follow your daydreams.
The more the discomfort or the pain or loss, the better you are able to focus and change course of your life!
Day to day is a process. Dream it, plan it, do it, and make it happen! You're what you act!
When you're passionate about something, you don't need coffee or an energy drink to get you moving.
All you need is a vision and a little passion to meet success.
...the player who looks least engaged may be the most committed member of the group. A cynic, after all, is a passionate person who does not want to be disappointed again.
Look yourself in the eyes in a mirror each day. You can ignore the small voice still inside you, but your reflection will always have something to say.
If writing is your passion, write and don't let anyone else convince you otherwise. You don't need to quit your day job to do it. Create a realistic schedule and stick with it.
Do your own thing with love and passion. You will be happy, no matter the result of your action.
Passion for compassion will give you happiness.
Never raise your voice but raise yourself and your passion for love and life.
Face each day with radiant, nurturing love, confidence, a bright vision and creativity with enduring determination and strength matched with a breathing courage as you happily embrace your responsibility and growth in many areas of life. Combine your energy and joy, your passion and vision in creating a brighter day.
To become a distinguished entrepreneur, you need to have an undeniable, unquestionable and unmovable passion for your vision.
We have to believe that our prayers, if pure and powerful can transform any catastrophic situation, regardless of its magnitude.
Those with calling also find wealth, so jump and start swimming towards your true self.
Through powerful and heartfelt communication with the universe, you can create a new world everyday-you can be proud of.
Mind can be your best friend or worst enemy.
You are an atheist if you do not believe in yourself
Those without passion are often passed and shunned.
Attraction is so much more than a pretty face. It's face is passion, attitude, kindness, & faith.
You are my favorite book. I immerse myself in your story and fall in love with each page. I will never be able to truly express to you how much I admire and cherish who you are. Nor will I be able to articulate the level of honor I feel to find myself included amongst the pages being written with each passing day. I love you. Thank you.
Let today be the day you embrace your beautiful spirit and shine light for those living in the dark. Light their path so the road traveled will be seen more clearly. You never know how much a simple act of kindness is appreciated if you never try. Be that candle for someone today and shine bright.
Material things may satisfy your temporal desires, but none can be taken with you when you're gone. Build your hopes on things eternal !
I loved him beyond madness being one soul one vein one body , which he never deserved
Love is where unseen and unsaid things merge with each otherwhere silence is thirsty of happenings
My Love tears me between the addiction of patience and urge of infinite desire
Love is your addiction to an eternal longing for someone...A thirst which one cannot relinquish
Love is breathing each other with all madness
I was in love when I felt your soul speaks in my Body 
I would prefer to live with bleeding heart where desire see darkness of uncertainty because I need to know the existence of love
For love I have invested my life with no return 
For your love I have uprooted all my desires, I am no more demanding...
To perform you need practice, to practice you need passion.
Love is floating somewhere in the beautiful horizon with an equal wave length with same frequency of intense feelings
Love has turned to be a sad tragedy of my life even we both are alive
For me love is when I don't limit you, I put you on the rainbows......beyond eternity of time and destiny 
He could not fit in my imagination and I was not fit for his Real and the conflict between imagination and real sadly made us apart
He left me millions of time, but I am holding him with every breath with same madness
Desire For Thee"My desire to love theeis just like a tree, must have one rootbut several branches of fruitI want to make you feel as if you are horizon i steal you are as free as wind where my love flows in swingi see thee in glaze shadow around a graceful presence on passion groundthat is "THEE" you spark everywhereEverywhere am far and near.
Moments without you made me realize How Idle I am in my life
Love is when Looking at a glance at youI found laughter in my eyes, Thoughts turns into jewels Where luster of your aura dwells
I wished the dream were real, and this reality a dream. But that wasn't the case. And that was why, whenever I woke up, I'd be crying. It wasn't because I was sad. When you return from a happy dream to sad reality, there's a chasm you have to step across, and you can't cross it without shedding tears. It doesn't matter how many times you do it.
Reality is just a dream dreamed by everyone
Luckily, however, life doesn't always follow tradition, but craves out a path of its own.
life is a video game, only difference is that you don't always get three chances!
success is easy with just a prayer, encouragement and patience!
Jokes are hilarious only when you take them unreal and dreamlike, otherwise it becomes painful. So I always live otherworldly...
Relationship can end never really began.
I live by four simple words. Love. Being. Here. Now.
Where our thoughts dwell, so becomes our reality. Choose wisely!
Nobody knows what it is like to be you, how can they? Choose your thoughts, words and actions and enjoy what is your life.
Every time you mistreat someone, you reveal the part of you that lacks love and needs to heal.
The majority are satisfied living within the idea of the reality instead of the reality of the idea.
Our decisions are influenced by our beliefs and this is why we say our reality is what we believe in.
A STORY NEVER TOLD BEFORE
Why do you want to run away from reality?
Life is travelled at a pace one decides for themselves
Believe not in the reality, but believe in the possibility.
I'm very gullible when it comes to my own words. I believe everything I say, though I know I am a liar.
Reality is different with different states of mind.
Dreaming is good, but actions are better. Actions are what transform dreams into reality.
There is no reality other than perceptual reality.
The truth can set us free but can hurt us sometimes...
Your persistent deep driving desires and your intentional actions will become your reality.
What is reality today was but a dream and an imagination not that long ago.
Have you noticed how the cleverest people at school are not those who make it in life?People who are conventionally clever get jobs on their qualifications (the past), not on their desire to succeed (the future).Very simply, they get overtaken by those who continually strive to be better than they are.
How easily we get trapped in that which is not essential - in looking good, winning at competition, gathering power and wealth - when simply being alive is the gift beyond measure.
That's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does.
Imagination, persistence, perseverance, and trust transform dreams into reality.
Be thankful for what you have and you will have more. Thinking of what you don't have will only keep bringing you nothing.
Words fail to describewhat i feel anymore.Let me be numb for a while,let me be sore.
Love left us long back,we just got better.You at pretending,Me at hiding.
My mind gets stronger everyday,my heart gets weaker with time.
I think i should get love inked on my skin.Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.
Don't focus on the words i write,pay attention to the ones i don't.These lines won't tell you much about me,try to read in between these lines.
With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, your dream will be reality.
The world of possibility exists in everyday life.
He was her reason for existence,She was his ultimate risk.
There were plenty of fishes in the pond,yet i fell in love with a crocodile.
The more you resist, the stronger you get.
I wonder how much the general population of this country know that the legal system has far more to do with playing a good hand of poker than it does with justice.
Impossibility is only a whisper away from reality
Dreaming is beautiful but actions makes it a reality that unfolds its true beauty.
In some languages (Hindi is one), every perception is called "seeing". Maybe, the trick is to rely on the eyes less and less as one perceives more and more.
Help those who need it, not who want it.
They say what doesn't kill u makes u stronger.. but truth is sometimes it does kill u, it kills a part of u then it makes u stronger.
Everyone is good if you see from good side.
The grass is not only greener on the side you water but also on the side you prevent preys from feeding on. Learn to keep out the preys and see your lawn flourish.
When love speaks it is about us or we. When ego speaks it is about I or me.
If you have to cut corners to get it, without allowing yourself go through the process, you will not be able to keep it.
I am not a human being enjoying a spiritual life, I am a spiritual being enjoying a human life.
Tomorrow is like infinity,it doesn't really exist.
We kept our secrets because we don't want to reveal what we were before
You always do this to people?""Do what?""Get them to empty their guts out just like that.""We do not have much time. We should only talk about what is important.
When reality hurts, make sure to soar above the dream-stained sky!
In our dreams every man and woman are amazingly perfect, but in reality they have imperfections, so accept it without judgement.
Happiness doesn't depend on reality but it depends on perception.
Live in your dream and then make it your reality.
Happiness is a perceptual reality, not an absolute certainty.
Happiness is an inner perception, not a reality.
Happiness is there when expectations meet the reality.
Harsh reality is always better than false hope.
Newton's laws of physics can rarely be applied to the real world. There is more to life than cause and effect. Things just aren't that simple
The ego is a mean mechanism which mobilizes the absolute strongest rationalization traps in order to preserve itself.
You can change someone by your actions, not by your words
If you have to push yourself to do it, should you be doing it in the first place? That was a question I never dared to asked myself.
Spirit means Breath and without one or the other there is no life.
Self-doubt imprisons those that never overcome it.
One cannot live on dreams, but neither can one live without them.
Your imagination s a wonderland full of realities.
Your imagination is a wonderland full of realities.
Either nobody's perfect,or everyone is.
The question isn't whether the world is perfect.The real question to consider is: If it were, would you still be in it?
We refuse to acknowledge something that is blatantly obvious because either we are closed or we don't know how to face it.
This is reality, back home is routine.
Romance is a veiled reality, while marriage is the unveiling of reality!
Your action plan is what you use to turn your dream into reality.
We can become fearless as we let go off our grasp on the fear of failure, because failure too is a perception rather than a reality.
No one is an outside observer of nature,We're defined by our environment and our interaction with that environment -- by our ecology. And that ecology is necessarily relative, historical and empirical.
If you don't know the person personally, then don't take it personally.
Anyone can do whatever they want in life, this is our world to play in.
Every penny that has always been earned with integrity by a person to lead life with a real simplicity has only perhaps helped to serve Almighty & protect and preserve humanity in the society.
A movie that gets closer to the life's reality of the society finds always more words of mouth publicity in entirety.
Swag is not something you wear, it is something you are born with.
Love is as strong as death, as hard as hell.
Modern society becomes more and more complex by the day. What used to be traditional isn't necessarily traditional anymore.
A Writer is Actor, Creator, Director & Producer Of HIS Life. Ask ME anything.
We may be born equal but we do not prepare equally...
Any of the girl never ever commit when her intention is to cheat You. So, I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect
While you are not responsible for the actions of another, you are able to consciously respond to everything in your reality. Your power to respond is your power to create.
I think the worst thing you can do about a situation is nothing.
Real inspiration are not people, but their stories.
What we find to love or to hate comes to us as a substitute for something else.
May you one day find the place where your dreams and reality collide.
One absolutely sure way to be fearless is to speak the truth at all time about everything.
The most risky liability of your life is 'the unspoken truth'.
Temporary extreme fear while saying the truth is easy to overcome than the perpetual fear of the unspoken truth.
The wise will admire you. The wishful will envy you. The weak will hate you. This is the reality for those who dare to be epic.
Enjoy what you have this moment. Don't wait around for something that might not happen.
You only live once so, lets make a difference people will remember.
There is light in a world of darkness because there is hope in a world of hatred.
Life is like butter - when things cool down it can be reshaped
The definition of a professional is one who does a job well even when they don't like it.
Thoughts Become Things... Choose The Good Ones!
The amount of time an individual may spend pondering over what his neighbor has and what he does not, is equivalent to the amount of time the individual has lost in becoming an equal to his neighbors.
The next time you think something's too good to be true, remember - so's electricity and sewerage!
Some people are incapable of judging others. Why? Because they are to busy judging their own insecurities
There is always a way.
I have ugly hands, but I'm grateful 'coz they work beautifully!
People will print what they will capturing but try to give the real image through positive thinking for that you will prove them how they are wrong!
I don't know about you but I do know I am a great woman and a gift unto my generation. I am a blessing to the world and I have a voice to be heard. I will make a great positive impact in the world and I would be a great force to be reckoned with. That is the power I have as a woman.
Mistakes and failures are simply stepping stones on your journey to success.
You set it, You hit it!And meanwhile you work hard to hit real quick.
Everything happens for a reason, we just don't get the reason with the thing
Keep your Eyes on All that's Good and Beautiful and Possible in the World. Because "The Stories We Tell Create the People We Become.
What looks as a dead and dark end can become a glowing and shimmering start only if one has the patience to keep trying with positivity in the mind...
The more you choose to focus on the positive, the more positive will come into focus. The choice is yours.
Our thoughts are so powerful! Be careful what you think!If people only realized how powerful this concept is, they would never allow a negative thought to take space inside their minds.
Truth always prevails, as it packs the mightiest punch of them all!
The voice of jealousy strikes from those who aim to hurt you, not those who love you!
Life can be a strange yet wonderful experience to live, if only you learn to enjoy it more.
Even in the smallest of packages comes the power of strength
The elevator can take you up to greater heights ONLY IF you take positive action by pressing the button. Greatness in life is all about the right choices you make.
Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Reslish in the Yes's. Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Relish in 'Yes-es;' - Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
The sacred words are sword of life.
Positive simply means unifying energies, while negative simply means separating energies. It's not about what's good or bad, right or wrong. It's about embracing what feels good and brings us closer to peace.
Vibration can be shifted through the mastery of thought
Dwell on your own sacred thoughts.
Circumvent negative situations, people or anything that will impede progress. These things are toxic to personal achievement; desired end-points are driven by positive attitude and persistence.
There is good all around us, but we get so used to it that we forget to celebrate it. The bad and unfortunate circumstances in our lives do not deserve all of our attention and energy. Remember to look for the good and to give that your full time and attention. It makes all the difference.
When we are blinded by our frustration and devastation we become oblivious to the life preserver floating inches away from us. If we take a minute to think positive, utilize our faith, and become proactive, we are able to think rationally and clearly. We then will recognize the life preserver which will keep us afloat and help us get to our destination.
Forget about what you might have lost but instead focus on what you have room to gain.
With positive mindset you can overcome madness.
All too often we fail to see the good in a difficult situation. Our minds are wired in such a funny way that we tend to believe just because a door closed it must be a bad thing.
Possibilities exist in any problem.
Positive thinking will ultimately enable you to live a positive life. So think positively.
We are living in a process of pursuit. But sometimes we get so focused on trying to get where we're going and we forget that this is life, too. We're living it right now.
Discover. Read. Learn.
You only fail when you give up.
Positive assumptions are needed only when you have negative assumptions that you're trying to overcome. But when you drop your assumptions altogether, your soul stands naked in the open fields of possibility. And what you choose to create from that space is up to you.
You can develop a positive self image with positive thoughts.
Keeping it real" isn't just a matter of facing up to harsh facts. It also includes opening up to the plethora of possibilities that offer us ways of impacting the world in spite of adversity.
No more crying. Tears only cause destructivefloods. When you are sad, you build a boat.
Renewal of mind begins with reading and mediation on the Scriptures.
Positive mindset, positive attitude and positive action.
I am in charge of my emotions.
I nurture daily my wellness.
It is only your dreams that will keep you alive.
In the furnace of fire, gold and silver are refined.In the furnace of affliction, we are refined and purified.
The greatest achievement is sacred-self-victory.
Whenever something bad happens, do not forget to smile. Even if you have to deal with this really arrogant, ruthless tycoon. You never know, sometimes a very rude and arrogant person can be melted with a heartfelt smile.
You can flourish by faith.
Lets build a happy little cloud.Lets build some happy little trees.
Whatever you believe in your heart, you will receive it.
Dwell on the beauty of sacred-existence.
You must not give up in the middle of the journey. May you have grace to travel onward.
We write our deepest thoughts.
If you don't choose what you want, someone make the choice for you.
If they say, it can't be done, Ask, 'Why not?' It can be done. It will be done!
If you will have to dwell on anything, think of noble pure thoughts.
Every great achiever is inspired by a great mentor.
I find great strength in overcoming struggle's of life.
Never allow anyone to look down upon you.
You can renew your mind and revive spirit by reading great stories.
Great life, great deeds.
What we long for, we shall possess.
Don't be shaken by the circumstance.
May you climb higher heights.
As long as we dare dream, we can occupy new land.
Accept things that will make you happy. This is the joy of sacred existence.
Do not waste your time and life, searching for a job. Utilize your special skills to begin your own work.
Pursuit of passion,
Daring life, graceful living.
You were not born to make only a living but to live life.
When you have grace to speak kind words, declare the sacred-words.
I am wonderful.I am beautiful.
You have no control of uncertainties! You can only control your life and your reaction to any event. May you find grace for patient endurance.
We travel with our thoughts to great lands.
Life is only as colorful as the paintbox you choose to paint it with.
Success is a steadily progress.
You can make steadily progress in all spheres of life.
I see harmony in everything.
Your actions today, define tomorrow.
If you fail, don' quit.Try again, and again but with much enthusiasm and continuous effort.You will soon master the art and skills needed to succeed.
Imagination is phenomenal.
You should persist long enough to conquer.
Decision and choices define life.
You must never surrender to any defeat.
You will discover all that pertains to life by reading.
I am responsible for my life.
Don't quit when you encounter an obstacle.
With faith, hope and enduring spirit we shall triumph.
Our feelings are best articulated with words.
I will enthusiastically accomplish the task.
I find beauty in every sacred moment.
You must be firm in your decisions, to avoid any wind blow.
Never doubt who you are!
Time is the most valuable resources.
Time is irreplaceable asset.
Great souls are great inspirers.
My priority is not about grades. I seek yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.
Dream big! There is no limit to what you can achieve.
How could we have achieved the set-goal, without endurance to the end?
The world's a stage and I'm on it. Better make a good impression out there!
You create the life you wish by your thoughts, speech and actions.
Make a conscious effort to think, speak and act in affirmative manner.
There are no regrets in life, only experiences. Every experience helps us to be what we can be.
Daring soul has five diaries; gratitude, work, inspirational, prayer and language diaries.
Make Time daily to focus on what Happiness means to you, we can't Achieve, what we can't Conceive!
Think positive, Act positive.
I am only one. The best person I can possibly be.
Positive energy is power. Use it more in your life, and see for yourself the success it creates.
Golden possibilities exist in every adversity.
Everything is within the limit of possibility.
Optimism: things will go my way. Positivism: everything is perfect right here and now, whether I like it or not.
To keep your sanity, when everything seems like it's going wrong, focus on the one thing that's going right!
Every successful person had experience failure but they overcome with courage and adamant hope
My dear Mrs Casaubon," said Farebrother, smiling gently at her ardour, "character is not cut in marble - it is not something solid and unalterable. It is something living and changing, and may become diseased as our bodies do.""Then it may be rescued and healed," said Dorothea.
Never allow anyone to stop you from pursuing your most cherished dreams.
You gain control over any situation with a positive outlook.
We can make the dream come true
You will conquer every mountain.
Take a leap of faith right now and know that you can live the life of your dreams by making a positive decision.
You shall overcome every limitation and soar high on Eagle's wing.
I do not like the situation but must endure to fulfil the dream.
If you believe in your dream with all your heart, you can achieve it.
You have to renew your mind with positive thoughts daily.
I am living my dreams.
Dreams are divine.Dreams are possibilities.
Wherever you are you have to work to earn your own living.
In every step you take, keep your feet firmly on the ground.
He who want to be great must first be a servant.
The truest and noblest gift for yourself is personal development.
Dream high and exceed your expectations.
What you think is your Karma. I hold myself to great Karma.
Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Roy Bennett
Whatever you set for yourself, you can achieve it.
You have to change your thinking if you desire to have a future different from your present.
Stop worrying about what tomorrow may bring. Focus on what you can control. Stay positive. Enjoy today. Expect good things to come.
Just because life is full of craziness doesn't mean you must go crazy. You can experience outer chaos and still find inner peace. Nothing even needs to change outside of you for you to find calm inside of you. This inner calm is available at all times. Just breathe.
Expose your negatives to light, and just like a photo - the picture of your life will develop into something beautiful.
Every cloud doesn't have a silver lining but making time to look at the beauty of clouds can give you peace of mind
Inspiration is both the cause and the effect of living a positive life.
Are you satisfied with you? Great! Are not you? Let's start in the mirror...
Being positive all the time is such a catchy idea, and it's easy to preach. I guess that's why it is popular. But life reveals itself in successions of up's and down's and if you plan to be positive all the time you will definitely fail.
You are the water that flows freely, the most dynamic force on the planet with the ability to change course and outlook at any time. You can be a raging river or a placid pond. A source of nourishment, or a breaker of walls. Part of an ocean or a solitary drop. You are dynamic, you are beauty, you are life.
If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are.
Be positive. Stay happy and don't let the negativity of the world get you down.
The alchemy of life is to turn coins into cents, by making sense of change.
Positivity brings about a peace of mind which in turn relaxes your whole being.
Having your cake and eating it too is how Life was meant to be. Everything is possible. And the things we want the most are not only possible, they're highly probable.
Be the master of your mind, dwell on positive thoughts.
I decided with this new awareness to dedicate my day to moving at my own natural, calm pace, and not pressuring myself to get going, get moving, or hurry up at all, something quite different from what I otherwise did.
A positive attitude influences our behavior and dictates a successful approach.
The ultimate change one can ever seek for is a change in thought. A change in thought is a change in body
There is a bright to even the darkest circumstance, if you have the courage to look for it.
Real life is the days we are going to live, not the days we lived.
Surround yourself with positive people.
You have to first dream and take the first action towards realising the dream, then all other resources will be attracted to you for the achievement of the dream.
Fear is an illusionary place we travel to in our minds when we allow ourselves to move away from the heart.
Does running water stop when it reaches a rock? Of course not. It turns either left or right, and continues its way. Likewise, a positive person is confident that no challenge will stand in the way of achieving his or her goal.
If we can accept the fact that we create illness, it follows naturally that we can also create wellness. And therein lies a most empowering nugget of truth and healing.
Whenever we make the choice to bring fear into the light with truth-seeking questions, we shall find soul-growing answers.
Sometimes you literally need some pressure on your shoulder, to fetch the best in you...
Whenever you feel your light dimming, you can snap yourself back into feeling good with the simple mantra, 'I'm getting brighter and brighter and brighter and brighter!
Nothing is hurt unless you are negative thinker
Find the gifts of goodness or service you have agreed to bring forth to the world and then start sharing those gifts as quickly as possible with as many souls as possible.
We must be willing to expand the heart in order to be able to expand our thinking.
If anything viewed as negative has happened on your journey thus far, turn the page, create a new chapter, and write your own positive story. Then, bless humanity with the wisdom you have gained by traveling through the experience.
We can assist other souls' hearts and make their world brighter when they are traveling through a difficult experience not by lowering ourselves to their level of sadness but by lifting them up with the light of our joy.
If you wanna stay Positive, Healthy and undistracted,then leave the association of negative minded people because thats what they breathe out and you dont wanna fill your lungs with that kind of filthy air.
Powerful and Positive thoughts create Pure and Transcendental emotions that can instantly connect two individual soul in different part of this world or universe through the medium of love
Revolution starts within our own heart, not on the street
Dare to dwell on great thoughts, you will be great.
Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Life`s a gift, aim for the sky
If you want to get positive results you have to refuse to think negative thoughts by substituting them with constructive ones. When you develop a positive attitude toward life, your life will start having a positive result.
Thank Life For Happening, Thank Every Twist And Turn, There Is A Reason For Every Single Thing, There Is A Reason For Every Worry And Concern.
If you are opportunist, then you are already one step closer to achieve your target!
No matter what you face, don't forget if you're positive, positivity will find you and embrace you.
AIM BIG,THINK DEEP,WORK HARD,YOU WIN!
I am a glass of Positivity; If you drink it,you will always find positives in you!
Be Positive. Be Passionate. Be Persistent. Be Poetic.
Change the way you think and you will change the way you feel.
Though life may not always go the way you please, remember to always see the forest through the trees.
Glow with the flow.
The first step in any Journey, Is the belief that the road will open up in front of you even if you cant see it....
I'm grateful I had the strength to fight. It takes courage to believe the best is yet to come, especially when you are flat on your back and don't know if you're going to see tomorrow. I'm no Pollyanna, but I believe optimism is a choice - a muscle that gets stronger with use. Right foot, left foot.just keep moving.
For it is through the darkness of the evening that we are able to see the stars. Without this darkness, we would never get to experience the beauty of the cosmos, or understand the little bits of light in life that shine through the void.
The absolute worst reason to do something is because everyone else is doing it - individuality is not a curse, its a boon, and don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise.
Replace the word can't with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know with ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There's so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Levi smiled at her. "Your heart is aching now, I can see that. I know what it feels like. The only thing I can say to try and make it better is to use that pain. Take every feeling you have right now, pour it into your soul and then pour your soul into the song. Doesn't take the pain away, but it gives it purpose. Make sense?
There's Light At The End of Every Tunnel. So Keep Moving If You Get A Sign of HOPE. You Never Know, That Might Be The Last Chance You'll Get To See The Shiny Day. Never Give Up, Just Follow Your Dreams....
I will not allow my mistakes of the past compromise my hope for the future.
Even the smallest changes in our daily routine can create incredible ripple effects that expand our vision of what is possible.
Before I can become an expert on anything, I must first become an expert on me.
Usually the opposite of what we fear is our greatest fear.
Someone once asked me how I hold my head up so high after all I have been through. I said it's because no matter what, I am a survivor NOT a victim.
We attract what we are prepared to receive.
It is how we nurture the good and deal with the bad that ultimately shapes our destiny.
When we worry about someone we send them a secret message - I don't believe in you. When we worry about our life, we send ourselves a secret message - I don't believe in me.
Eliminate blame, guilt, and worry from your diet and watch your health improve.
I am chic, sleek, and so unique.
Making a decision based on fear is like painting a self-portrait of someone else.
Patience is the glue that binds hard work and faith.
If we will imagine the thing we want and do our part to be in the right place at the right time, there isn't anything we can't do, be, or attain.
You see what you choose to see, because all perception is a choice.And when you cease to impose your meanings on what you see,your spiritual eyes will open, and you will see a world free of judgmentand shining in its endless beauty.
If there's one thing I've learned, it is to never give up--no matter what your circumstances are. Giving up doesn't solve anything.
If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.
Anxiety and depression, and the physical symptoms they cause, are merely distractions and smokescreens to protect you from dangers, which are usually, imaginary.
Your intuition is the pilot's seat of your soul. If you don't trust it, you'll keep missing the most important of destinations in life.
Life is made of peaks & troughs. If you don't like going up and down then you must live your life standing in one spot.
Go be who you were meant to be, explore your mind, understand you are free.
Aspire to be who you most admire
AWESOME things come to those who focus on the positive, recognize the blessings, find the humor and never give up!
The most gratifying action plan that one can conceive is one that others deem unattainable only to be proven wrong.
Some will make you Dance, some will make you Smile, and some will make your misery longer than a mile! Pleasure or Pain, the Choice is thine.
In order for someone to be 100% content, they must first believe it to be so.
Never stop trying. Never stop believing. Never give up. Your day will come.
Things will happen that you can't prevent, things will fall apart that you can't hold together, but ultimately you're shaping yourself and that final product speaks volumes about who you really are, not what people see you as or what you want to be.
I keep going;I keep writing because I know something good will happen, and I want to see it when it happens.
Simplify and focus on the good. The beauty of the journey ahead will flourish on its own.
We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.
When you arise in the moring, think of what a precious privelege it is to be alive-- to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love
When you change what you believe, you change what you do... which changes what you get.
Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.
how many people never see how beautiful the sky is at night because they simply don't take the time to look up?
Some people gave up on their wishes and dreams because they'd been disappointed too many times in life and just didn't have the courage to keep hoping things would change
I know that when things are at their worst, something better is just around the corner if we just put one foot in front of the other and keep moving forward.
And I know, when things look the worst is when something new and wonderful is about to happen, if we can just hold on.
Hope abides; therefore I abide.Countless frustrations have not cowed me.I am still alive, vibrant with life.The black cloud will disappear,The morning sun will appear once againIn all its supernal glory.
Enjoy losing weight. Enjoy eating healthy, delicious food. Do not wait until you reach your destination to feel good. Take as much happiness and joy as you can from your weight loss journey.
I began to realize how important it is to be able to know your gifts and dreams, to live in the moment, to work less hard and to let things flow. I embraced the fact that worry never is a good thing. I learned that I could control my thoughts, which then affects my feelings and the quality of my life.
No matter what is happening in the world, I continue to believe in humanity. The power of positive thinking is always enough.
Trying is something we do when we think we can't do something. Even if your doing is not as perfect as you would like, decide to do it, and you will. -- Lady Nimrod of Buckmore in The Princelings and the Lost City
Ponder the affirmative.
Self-respect. It would make me lovable. And it's the secret to good sex.
I hate society's notion that there is something wrong with sex. Something wrong with a woman who loves sex.
Remember my friend, uncontrolled alcohol, uncontrolled casual sex and mindless indoctrination are not signs of progress, they are signs of drowning into the abyss of mental and physical degradation.
Sex is the sweetest of all things.
The strongest taste shall be a kiss.
You misquote me. It's NOT "Aah." It's "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
The value of a sex manual does not lie in its length or duration, but whether or not the problem it addresses works.
Stop talking about rape and start talking about sex, and within a few decades India will attain the true mindset to prevent sexual assaults.
Sorry girls, not every man is running after what you think...
Sex is the glue of relationships, Caitlin, and it's what life is all about. It's the opposite of death, of giving up, of getting swamped by... What's out there. See it as symbolic.
Love at first sight is a polite phrase used when one wants to fuck a stranger.
Do not judge a woman on her knees: you never know how tall she is when she stands.
I don't need the aid of a clever man to teach me how to live. I can find it out for myself.
Sex x Technology = the Future.
If he doesn't want your heart. He doesn't deserve your body. Don't neglect your SELF-RESPECT.
When I'd remember this night in weeks, months, or even years, it wouldn't be the sex. Sex would fade and so would the need to be filled with him, but right now I felt him inscribe his soul around my chest, and the reminder would be there with every beat for as long as I lived.
Sex is not a wizard, whatever magical-seeming properties it might possess in its better forms. If your friend says to you, "You're being mean, you need to get laid," your problem is not sex. Your problems are that you might be acting like an asshole, and your friends are definitely idiots.
In order to butterfly kiss, does it require caterpillar lips?
Life is like a dry handjob. Just when it starts getting good, it's already over.
Love is merely a combination between infatuation and confusion.
I'ts better with the right hand than with the wrong girl
Treat me with respect, dignity, and grace because I am worthy of your love.
I'll drink your champagne. I'll drink every drop of it, I don't care if it kills me.
It's only natural to feel lonely after the enjoyable moments pass. But as you experience new joys those feelings of sorrow will start to fade.
If you are joyful, do not worry about lukewarmness. Joy will shine in your eyes and in your look, in your conversation and in your countenance. You will not be able to hide it because joy overflows.
It is only when the mind is free from the old that it meets everything anew, and in that there is joy.
Because when you're laughing, there is no other emotion in that moment except for joy.
There are souls in this world who have the gift of finding joy everywhere, and leaving it behind them when they go.
When we lay the soil of our hard lives open to the rain of grace and let joy penetrate our cracked and dry places, let joy soak into our broken skin and deep crevices, life grows. How can this not be the best thing for the world? For us?
The most beautiful is to see the joy in your eyes.
Suffering is the sorrow of joy.
Thank you! ....for sharing your childhood with me so I could experience the all joys that were missing in mine
Be happy, be happy.
The joy is the journey of Life.
So overjoyed were they at their deliverance that they laughed aloud, and the Earth seemed to them like a flower of silver, and the Moon like a flower of gold.
I ran outta tears of sadness when I was 20 & all I got left is tears of joy.
Nothing has to be funny. Sometimes I just laugh to heal my soul.
Nothing has to be funny, sometimes I just laugh to unclog my soul.
Even on the silent days, believe your ship will come.
Nothing can come of nothingness, the granthi had said. So to know joy, compassion, sympathy - to feel love - means also to have in the world their opposites.
I already know sorrow. Today I choose joy.
If you follow your heart, you will always find happiness.
You need to get out of the nest if you ever want to fly.
Rejoice while you can breathe.
I sing the song in my heart.
When you change your level of consciousness and awareness, the situation around you will change with joy.
I am in great mood.
Freedom begins in the mind of the individual. You'll never be able to do a particular thing if you don't navigate your thoughts positively. Complaining and neglecting to take action creates stagnation. Free your mind and the rest will follow.
My heart dances with joy when I think about you.
With resentment, hearts burn in the fire of hatred. With forgiveness, hearts dance with pure joy.
Let your heart dance with joy and express that joy with your magical smile.
Enjoy this moment. This moment is your precious life.
Spring is here. Let's sing with the flowers!
Let us be the joy to find the joyLet us be the love to find the loveLet us be kind to find kindnessLet us be happy to find happiness.Let us be simple to find simplicityLet us be modest to find modestyLet us feel to comprehend Let us listen to understand Let us live our life to beLet us close our eyes to see.
Be cheerful!
With every sunrise, I wake up with a deep driving desire to enhance the beauty of my life by becoming happy and joyful. I have found that when I am happy, everything around me dances with joy.
Pour yourself completely into you and what brings you joy and moves you toward your goals. No one deserves your beautiful love and attention more than you!
It is deep winter with shivering cold air, but my heart is dancing with joy and spring flowers.
There are so many glowing reasons to feel the joy of life and to be happy.
Surprise yourself everyday with the power of your love. Love endlessly and care profoundly to feel the joy of life deeply.
Life is singing with joy when you're smiling.
Joy is a choice, and it's something we fight for and choose.
It is better to trade your bitterness with gratefulness.
May you find your purpose and passionately live it.
A joyful heart is an endless flowing stream.
Go beyond the boundary of conformity to find the true joy of life.
Fill life with joy.
The greatest joy in life comes not from winning but from giving.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
The beauty of existence is a passionate sacred-life.
Love life.Love light.
We chase wild dreams and long for all that eludes us, when the greatest joys are within our grasp, if we can only recognize them.
Happier'n young'uns bustin' outta school fer summer break!
Prouder than a preschooler showin' refrigerator art!
Cheaper'n recyclin' yer nose tissues. --Mema
Inspire others without expecting anything in return. True joy is in giving.
This universe was created for joy and happiness. You are born to be happy. Your happiness ultimately makes this universe joyful. Blooming flowers, singing birds, and smiling people fill this universe with joy.
I have to learn to hear music, to see beauty, and to find joy in silence
When we sing with love, everything around us listens with joy.
Oh my friend from future centuries, I am leaving my love and endless good wishes for you. I have no possessions to leave for you. I have a broken pen and a few pages of paper with thoughts that I am leaving for you. Believe in the power of your thoughts, truths of your perceptions, magic of joy in your dreams, and the attraction of your love and purity.
Love is the sparkle of life.
When you have enough, there is no need for excessiveness.
Whenever you hold a grudge towards someone, you're only hurting you. Because the other person could care less about the emotions you're going through. Their main objective was to hurt you. Now you must let go, move on, and focus on your life. Don't continue to burden your spirit.
Live a simple life, doing what you love.
The greatest life is to live for your dreams.
Work with joy.
Each moment is just that... a moment. Whether good or bad it will pass to the next. Forward to the next and create a wonderful life.
Be educated. Only true education and wisdom can lighten the burdens of your life and fill it with joy and happiness.
I live each day with joyful hopes.
May you have a joyful and grateful spirit.
Today is a new chapter in the story of your life. While you're holding the pen, what will you write? Now, is your time to shine! Will you continue holding the pen? Or, will you express yourself from deep within?
People may not see you the way you see yourself. But, that's because they don't want to acknowledge your uniqueness. Jealousy is not disguised.
Every day is a part of life, so make it special.
Life never be serious with you it always make fun of you so learn to have fun.
Joy is sacred blessing.
All joy lies in the present moment. The journey of life and prosperity are made of the present moment.
I work with great gladness for what I want.
Give when you have nothing to give. That is when it will bring you the most joy.
Smile with joy.
Silence is the herald of joy
Let us make the earth peaceful to enjoy the joy and beauty of spring.
Is it difficult to recognize spring when the air is dancing with joy and the flowers are blooming bright colorful smiles?
A flower may die after giving beauty, love, and joy, but it will not vanish. It will transform into a fruit of eternal joy.
The only reason you continue to love someone who treats you poorly is because you don't value yourself enough.
We only feel joy when we love our precious life.
When someone loves you, a river of positive charges flow inside you to fill you with joy and bliss.
Joy come and go like pleasant breeze. It's the miseries that stick in you like thorns - until you realize that it's all your doing.
No matter how long your night may have been, as the earth remains, your morning will definitely come.
When you discover the joy of reading, your mind opens to a world of wondrous discoveries and infinite possibilities.
Poetry is Life. We experience poetry from the time we awake each morning and inhale that fresh breath of air. You are living poetry. Poetry is not defined by the laws of man. Inspiration is the key.
The emotional scars of our mistakes will teach us far more than the joy of our successes
Your current situation = the life expectations you have accepted as completed, unless you change your comfort zone to create a better life.
If you are standing in one place waiting for something to change, you may be there for a while. You've got to move. Step up and take a swing. Make something happen
Do not be ashamed of your past. Learn from those experiences and move forward in your life. Teach others of the possibilities of change & living victoriously. You are a survivor.
In the Light of your Wisdom, You Shine. In the Midst of your Truth, Your Faith is Evident. From inside your Spirit, You are Love.
Prayer still works, you need not be so quick to judge another person. You never know what they are going through. Instead, pray for them. Send encouragement their way.
Uplift & Inspire, do not be envious of others success. You are given the same hours in a day. Make it worthwhile! Instead of focusing on what someone else is doing, pay attention to how you're living and make the best of life
Every time I look into her eyes, I get a positive inspiration to serve humanity.
Don't always seek the approval of others concerning your goals or dreams. Not everyone wants to see you succeed, just because they are not successful.
Thoughts guide you everyday. They become your choices. If you're not happy with your life, change your thoughts. Think more positive.
For every moment of suffering,Others will arriveThat will instead pierce you with joy.
I Love You! Three words that mean nothing if not followed through with actions. It seems to be more relevant in the terms of showing verses saying. Anyone can say it, because there are different kinds of love. But, few are willing to actually show it. Saying is one thing. Living proof is another.
Idolatry happens when you worship or praise anything excessively to the point of causing you to believe it reigns supreme. All things on this earth are temporal, even your very own desires. Be careful that you do not create idols to worship.
Knowledge of Self is very important, you can't be living in a world pretending to be someone you're not. No one will ever believe in you, when you don't have the courage to believe in yourself. You can not live to impress others solely not giving thought to express your true being. No one wants to interact with a pretender, a fake, a wannabe.
Happiness gives you the freedom to enhance your ability to achieve success. Your choices in life are a direct reflection of your level of happiness. It's the sunshine for your soul that you need in order to grow
It's amazing how people can find all the mistakes in the world concerning another person, but look into the mirror every day without making changes within. Stop looking down your nose at others, What does that achieve? We all can make room for improvements. Most of the time it starts with a little attitude adjustment.
Dig Deep! When the task at hand seems to be very difficult. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel you're drifting away from your intended course. Dig Deep! When others doubt you and say it can't be done. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel like giving up. Dig Deep! When life throws you a curve ball. If you quit, you'll never hit that homerun
In a world where things are moving so fast, don't get lost in the midst of it all. Figure out what's more important to you and proceed with confidence. I know it gets a bit hectic at times and almost seems impossible. But, you can get there, even if you must pause along the way. Just don't come to a complete stop.
Everything that looks good may not be good for you. In life, we all take chances. You must carefully examine the pros and cons. People often times have certain hidden agendas. And, you might not realize until you're in too deep.
Your choices are the reason you are who you are today. When you look back, maybe thinking you shouldn't have done a particular thing, don't stay there. Live for this very moment. After all, this moment is what really matters, your past has come and gone. Move on,
I have nothing to do today except to feel the joy of life and be happy.
Let us see each other not through the eyes but through the heart and feel the joy of love.
Express gratitude for love, joy, and beauty of life, to expand your happiness.
The beauty of your smile fills me with the joy of life.
He hadn't realized that life speaks with a voice to you, a voice that brings you answers for the questions you continually ask of it, had never consciously detected it or recognized its tones until it now said something it had never said to him before, which was "yes".
We are the source of infinite love, infinite joy, and infinite happiness, but we spend our whole life looking for love, joy and happiness. How foolish is this?
Living beautifully and justly are the source of all joy and happiness.
I am the source of loveI am the source of joyI am the heaven and earthI am the happiness.
Take a deep breath and feel the joy of life. Open your eyes and see the beauty of a dancing leaf.
Open your heart! Dance with joy and love.
Service is joy, service is happiness.
With your, love touch someone's heart, feel their soul, enjoy their bliss, share your joy, and then become their friend.
People are prettiest when they smile with joy.
We get greatest joy not from receiving but from giving.
People lack morals, good moral character is important in every aspect of your life. Honesty and Integrity opens the door. Your character allows others to see you for who you truly are. Make your first impression a lasting impression. Ironically it may be your last impression
Joy in your Job is possible to the extent you're willing to choose it.
A little caring, a little love, and a little kindness can give you joy and bring enduring happiness.
Happiness is there when you express kindness, compassion, and unconditional love and fill yourself with bliss and joy.
Be the gardener of love and joy, Happiness will bloom in your garden.
Whenever you smile, whenever you care, whenever you love, whenever you share, your spirit will dance with joy because happiness is there.
We have to be open to love to feel happiness and joy.
Service to the humanity is the source of joy and happiness. It is the rent you pay for living on this beautiful planet.
Nothing can bring joy in your life except yourself.
Joy and happiness derives not from receiving but from giving.
I am responsible for my life, my happiness, and my joy. I am responsible for my faults, which will destroy.
When we learn to enjoy success as well as failure, we will be eternally happy and joyful for sure.
The heart dances with joy when you're sharing.
Do what you like and like what you doIt will bring success, joy and happiness to you.
Hope keeps us alive. Love gives us joy. Perception of inner joy open the door toward the happiness.
Sadness is pervasive, so focus on joy, focus on happiness.
When happiness depends on a situation or creation, it is not happiness; it is the joy of action.
Life is not about success; life is about joy, peace, and happiness.
Life isn't about achieving successBut about creating joy and happiness.
People sometimes get so lost in their own beliefs that they fail to gain truth and understanding. You can't get the whole picture just by relying on your own perception. Never be afraid of the truth.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy and the make the most of where you are.
death is a joyous journey for the purposeful life and a melancholy for the mediocre life
You have the power to shape your life the way you want it to be. Every though, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer. But everything imagined began with a dream.
A joyful life,reaching out to people from all walks of life.
Become disinterested in your pain and suffering. Only then can you make space for your longstanding joy.
Wonderful life, life live to inspired other people.
There is never a reason good enough to be out of alignment with peace.
When you stop doing what insults your Soul, your Journey accelerates and your Life beings to fill with joy.
Even when we're standing at the scariest precipice ever, our soul still cries out for joy.
Every pain, addiction, anguish, longing, depression, anger or fearis an orphaned part of usseeking joy, some disowned shadow wanting to returnto the lightand homeof ourselves.
Good dancers awaken the joy in our hearts, we have seen them ablaze on stage, videos, on our streets, in the theaters, in our homes, schools and they have successfully ignited the love of dancing in our soul. At least, this is the major reason why dancers are born and made.
Feeling bad is not the problem.The problem is that we feel bad about feeling bad.Once you begin to let go of feeling bad about feeling bad,and start feeling better about feeling bad,then pretty soon you'll just feel better.And then you'll feel awesome.
My tears of joyhear the raindrops crying,as the rain never wants to pourdown on my cloudy dayswhen I makeour love-dreamsfor the sun to dreamonly for you....(From the poem "Only For You" By Munia Khan)
What is life if not joy?
You are the light of the world. Shine brightly. Smile beautifully! Rejoice daily!
Happiness grows best in the soil of contentment.
When you speak, be sure of what you are speaking. Don't be rambling full of words that have no integrity or truth. Nobody wants to confide in you when they doubt what you say. If you are filled with untruths, those characteristics make it hard for anyone to believe in you.
I will not stop singingthe Muses who set me dancing.
Talking is great, but don't ignore the value of listening. Pay attention to the words being spoken. Some people just love the sound of their own voice. And, when another person speaks, they are only anticipating to compete, challenge, or question what is being said. You can miss out on some important wisdom always running your mouth.
The End" is just the beginning.
You see the bird and you see its flight.You can not see through its eyes. Therefore, you don't know its plight.
Today you are lifted higher. Understand that you can go further and be better than you ever thought possible. Start by saying yes to all good things. Doors will open for you filled with unlimited opportunities.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
We can block our blessings with one thought, one decision. Sometimes your blessing may require certain actions on your behalf. You asked for the job? Now, you must get dressed and go to the interview and prove yourself worthy of the position. When you move, you activate your faith. And, suddenly everything falls into place. Faith without works is dead.
You perception of a person, place, or thing may not be accurate. Just because it looks good does not mean it is good and vice versa. Always be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to the people, places, and things around you. Don't allow your misperception to put you in an uncomfortable situation.
Sometimes things will not go as planned, but don't lose hope. Stay focused on whatever you are trying to accomplish. There will be a breakthrough soon. Understand that all things take time. You may not be there yet, but you're on the right path towards success.
Reap your harvest. (Benefits) You have been sowing seeds on good soil. (Working Hard) Your garden is overflowing abundantly.(Successful) Now is the time for you to fill your basket with the fruits of your labor. (Savings). Prepare your soil for new seeds. (Investments)
Do what makes YOU happy. Focus on what brings YOU joy. Appreciate and do more things that make YOU smile. Live your life for yourself. You matter! You count! You're deserving of true happiness! This is YOUR life. Live it to the fullest! Live life with no regrets.
Why not laugh again, and let your joy be my monument?
In spite of being complicated people choose superstitions over common sense.
Nothing consoles and comforts like certainty does.
Practice patience to get the results but don't be much patient to take actions.
You cannot afford to gamble your youth only for fun.
It's not my accent, but my brevity makes me stylish.
Customers loves certainty, make sure you give it to them.
Injustice happened to animals as they born an animal, you are born as man what else do you need ?
In this week I see such a picture of life, hard and joyful pressed up together and sleeping in the same bed. They come knit together. The lines of pain run through the joy and remind us to go all in, because life is short. The joy edges the pain and gives us a reason to rise.
No one should ever be punished for feeling love.
If you want to speak to someone you cannot touch, see, or hear, the voice of love will transmit with or without a phone. It crosses all borders and travels through time and walls.
Just as the rain carries positive ions, so does change make you more apt to experience love with an expansive heart.
When it comes to love, your point of view, your imagination and your energy can carry you through anything. As you love, it will spill over to everyone and everything you encounter and beyond. There is no force imaginable that is more powerful than the act of love.
Some say ignorance is bliss, I say love is.
You cannot predict the future but you can love and then love some more.
Few moments are so special that they should be recognized by special expressions.
Choose your battles wisely. After all, life isn't measured by how many times you stood up to fight. It's not winning battles that makes you happy, but it's how many times you turned away and chose to look into a better direction. Life is too short to spend it on warring. Fight only the most, most, most important ones, let the rest go.
A quick enlightenment tends to do more harm than good. Wise may easily become unwise.
Purpose and reason? Purpose and reason are not the same thing. Reason seeks to understand. Purpose requires faith. Reason is attained. Purpose is revealed. Reason is acquired by works. Purpose is endowed with grace. And wisdom is the combination of both.
Every day I grow in the wisdom that my soul is vibrationally connected to the Universe.
Through the absence of what we think we have to have we can discover our wholeness
Work with "what is" rather than "what if" and you will move towards "what can be.
Criticism often hides incompetence & increases vanity. Therefore critics are always more vain that the achievers they criticize.
You are the only one capable of loving you the way you deserve to be love. The only hero that will save you is you, you are everything that you need, If you would only take the time the to invest in getting to know yourself, not through outside lenses, but by finding your quiet place within and learning the language of your soul.
Refuse anxiety. When you borrow trouble against what might be, you neglect the moment you have now to enjoy. The man who worries about what will next be happening to him loses this moment in dread of the next with pre-judgement
The easy way out is the choice of the myopic.
A Wise Mind Makes a Wise Heart
Wisdom is the usage of Knowledge in a correct way.
All our unique human achievements may seem to be the creation of the unique human mind, but they are simply the by- products of our neurobiological response to the environment.
To every bad there's a good and to every good there's a bad. And both are pertinent to the lessons of life, and the building of your character or individuality.
Patience triumphs over everything.
Accept all of you, the good with the bad, the successes with the failures, the times you shone and the mistakes you made. It will bring into a place of peace. It will help you to move forward with your life.
I dream of a planet where the science of the mind, brings the Bible, the Vedas, the Quran, and all other scriptures together and binds them with the golden twine of harmony.
If one of the most interesting places to be is your inner world, you will never be bored when you are alone.
Be like stars; when darkness tries to stop you from shining, shine all the more.
You cannot control the ocean, but you can guide the rivers that feed it.
Busy hands achieve more than idle tongues.
Spring is proof that there is beauty in new beginnings.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
If you don't take inventory of your blessings, ingratitude will try to steal them from you.
Intelligence is the icing, but wisdom is the cake.
A tree does not despair when its fruit falls to the ground, because it knows in due time, its seeds will rise.
Empowered girls will be the women that change this world.
I never dream to become someone important for myself. The truth is that I- I really don't have a personal ambition. My ambition, my dream, it's about the people. It's all about the people. It's for the people. It's all for the people. That is my ultimate goal.
I think there some kind of instinct connection between me and children. When I see children I find it quiet hard to take my eyes off them, and I could not hold my smile either. I really love their simplicity and innocence. If everyone would've have been childlike, not childish, the world would be a better place.
People think that whatever comes out of the mouth of a wise man is the choicest gem, sometime it's utter stupidity and rubbish
The loveliest gifts sometimes come wrapped in the ugliest paper.
A few hours spent reading a book is better than a lifetime of ignorance.
Hold on to anything you find that's good and workable for you. Drop anything negative where you find it.
Your choices are made in a moment, and yet their consequences transcend a lifetime.
A storm is an artist who passes by on her way to paint your rainbow.
The pen is mightier than the sword as long as it doesn't run out of ink.
A tree does not stop growing because the wind blew off a few of its leaves.
Wisdom is using your head, separating right from wrong, and doing what is right.
Don't pluck a rose's petals and then ask the rose why it is sad.
Life may be a bed of roses, but roses still have thorns.
A rose's beautiful scent is extracted only when it is crushed.
We can hardly get to the very far for the very far we can think of is the far we have not yet reach
You don't throw a compass overboard because the ocean is calm.
If the body dies, life ends! If the body is disturbed, life is disturbed. If the mind is not sound, everything least sound well to the mind! Mind your body; mind your mind!
A static action is never an action. A real action is an action in motion! Dare to do something!
You cannot marry your past without divorcing your future.
a crooked truth is far straight than a straight lie
We can never skip growing old. As we grow older, we understand old things and things of old times better!
The doors to Wisdom & Glory are never closed, they just favor the undaunted
Roses do not bloom the same time as daisies.
Love is the most beautiful flower in the garden of life.
A drop of sense can save you an ocean of tears.
Bitter wisdom is better than sweet folly.
You learn more from your tears than your smiles.
Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls
Pearls from the soul are more precious than diamonds from the mine.
In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied
The highest wisdom is sometimes found in the lowest people.
Light poured out multiplies light poured in.
Sense will buy you more than dollars.
My ego is my employee - and I, the witness, am its employer.
Know who you are and be who you are insofar as it is deem fit, for there is nothing so contemptuous to be who you are!
Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!
It takes true courage and real humility to say NO or YES!
Always let your talent and tenacity do the talking. Never your tantrums or sense of self righteousness or entitlement. For it is your talent and tenacity that will carve out, shape and seal your possibilities and destiny.
They that pursue their dreams unrelentingly with tenacity and the right attitude never continue to live with dreams forever. They live their dreams and realize their aspirations.
to live and leave indelible footprints, think of the rocks
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how truly beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that as well.
Smiling through confusion is courage.Smiling through tears is strength.Smiling through pain is power.Smiling through tragedy is greatness.
Step ahead immediately and do what you have to do before it's too late.
Impatience can teach us the lessons of patience better
There is always a good choice and there is always a better choice. There is always the best choice and there is always a choice to choose. If only you would think of the summary of your life tomorrow today, you would yearn to live and leave a distinctive footprint and you would never stand for anything at all
Wisdom is a state of stability and unconcern. It is a balanced confidence based on stable reasons. Wisdom is not a talent or power sourced at your birth. It is the power of ruling over all the other powers you have born with.
Wisdom is merely the counter power used against on your unique talents to prevent them turning into your deadly curses.
Think. It's free of charge.
You win some, you lose some, let Karma takes its course. - Cocoy McCoy -
We must remember each day we wake up that, there is something best to think about always than the better things we think about always
A great chunk of our lives is wasted on thoughts that bring nothing. We all think about something but, in the end, we only close the day thinking a lot and doing nothing but little.
to understand the real reasons to uphold humility, know your real roots, remember death and study the masses
Somewhere, somebody is looking for someone exactly like you.
Whatever it is you want in this life, be it material things, a place you want to be, or an experience you want to have, you must first make it real in the realm of your consciousness.
People spend their entire lives searching the world for the pieces that will make them whole, yet those pieces are only found within them.
The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation.
True freedom is in not having a master, but in making the master your slave
If you think you can't, you're wrong and right
Your chronological age makes you older, grownNess is a state of mind!
Actually it's just a thought in your mind. Please put in clear your mind with that thoughts.!!
We are looking for value, guidance, advice, inspiration; for someone to show us the way. When we find him, he is our hero
True understanding lies beyond the desert
Keeping hatred against someone is like helping him to torture you
You are what you believe
Experience is hard to acquire. Only the wise acquire it
A good man can be destroyed by the association with men of evil character. A wise man can learn from them
If there is no reward, there is no reason to run
Know the laws before you break them
Please others and you please yourself
Calm is the best revenge
Some people have the license to sin: Soldiers, to kill; politicians, writers, priests, businessmen, married man and women, to lie; and married couples to have sex
You can have some, but not all. Wanting to have it all is a sure recipe for disaster
If you want an abscess to cure you must press it hard
It's always easy to conquer the hungry with a piece of bread. Only the wise can conquer the strong
It's not what we can do that makes us great, but what we can do but don't which make us great
Even if you are not evil, pretend to be. It will put off some abuse
The hardest thing is a man to truly know himself
Life is a sweet sour adventure. When you want to go it becomes sweet, when you remain, it becomes sour
The problem with satisfaction is it's a bottomless pit
Forget about the great astounding victory. Focus on winning small victories every day, the final victory will come by itself
You cannot skip the beginning and hope to reach the end. You will fall as soon as you get there
life is full of fantasies. Life is full of realities. Fantasies bring fantasies and realities bring realities. You have a choice. Yes, an inevasible choice. To live in the world of fantasies or to live in the world of realities; your choice!
The greatest wisdom is to be happy
You listen to people so that you can imagine them, and you hear all the terrible and wonderful things people do to themselves and to one another,but in the end the listenin EXPOSES you even more that in exposes the people you're trying to listen to.
I don't belong in this world, I am merely a traveller passing through, I repudiate to silence my thought, because they fear my light.
Little is the imagination of the person who believes that the future of another may be determined by his/her past. We are so much more than our minds and our memories! We are in fact transcendent souls. If you determine what is ahead by what you can see when you look back, then you will in fact never behold what actually stands in front of you.
Life just happens, Alice. What makes us special is how we react to it.
Use your wisdom and life's lessons to take you higher. Give yourself no other choices but to move forward and to succeed.
Misunderstandings are a normal part of life, and the outcomes of these depend upon how we choose to react to them.
A mere love of wisdom is often enough to make oneself wiser.
Our miseries are inseparable, so is our every single blessing.
Pressure makes diamonds - or not.
It matters not what my brain knows, but what my heart feels.
Have patience or be a patient. Have patience in preparatory moments or be a patient after preparatory moments
have patience or be a patient. Have patience in preparation moments or be a patient after preparation moments
How can a falling dove turn again into a flying dove once again? It really takes the eyes of someone who sees you for the beauty that you really are. And if there are no other eyes there to see you in that way, then you had better be those pair of eyes, for yourself, to see yourself with!
Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right.
As we try to change society to fit our standards and bring about the sense of peace we long for, it is only when we turn inwards, clean our own backyards and serve as a source of inspiration that society will improve on its own.
Wisdom justifies a person in the face of any opposition
The future of the Church is in the hands of wisdom
In order to reach his destiny and have dominion over the earth, man has to get wisdom.
Without wisdom man's position does not differ in any way from that of a servant.
All times are sacred and must be kept Holy
The spirit of volunteerism is the spirit of service.
We have to be extremely careful in the manner which we live life.
This moment is our greatest treasure. We cannot replay the past events. We have no control over future events.
Working together for a great mission is very fulfilling!
Life's a one way ticket
Believe in supernatural power.
It is easy to give up than to endure. Always choose the latter.
The failure of the nation lies in the failure of its citizens.
Knowledge is life. The more informed you are, the better you are in making the best decision.
Great places, great memories.
You need to make effort and commit time to do what you love.
May you find the right path to your destination.
The only limit to the realisation of our goals will be lack of enthusiasm.
When you travel, be fully present in the place of voyage.
You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but not the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but no the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
Find your passion and live it!
I see any difficulty as an adventure.
The pursuit of our dreams is not without any difficulty. Those who triumph have learn't to overcome the difficulty.
Perhaps we are all shells; but some of us have found the pearls inside, and this makes all the difference!
Dare to take risk to fulfill your dreams.
What will be your death note?
We gain new perspectives on life after every voyage.
So often we focus on finding answers to life's mysteries...when in reality, a wiser approach is to start asking better questions, and more of them.
Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of their souls.
Share your skills, inspire a change.
Life is a game. We must keep playing the game. The more we play, the more we will understand the game of life.
Adventure begins with a thought, decision and action.
Spring time is nature at its best.
Appreciate youthfulness and empathize with elderly people.
Read, re-read! Every word you read is a food for thy soul!
Great literature makes a great life.
Holy dreams.Holy decisions.Holy choices.Holy actions.
You have to know your goal to reach out for it.
Adversity is a good opportunity for self-realisation.
Don't be afraid. Change is such a beautiful thing", said the Butterfly.
Nothing will be impossible for the one who reads.
We are capable of learning.
The different kinds of work require different people to perform the task. You must fulfil your specific task.
When people give you disappointment, don't worry; they are only showing you this- appointment. Just look and see.
Life is uncertain, we can only hope.
The different shades of colours present cultural diversity.
How can we succeed, if we never tried?
You have to be enthusiastic enough to do what is required for achieving your dreams and goals.
May your find strength to pursue your dreams.
Trust in your story, it's powerful enough. Oftentimes, it is not the lack of power that is our struggle; but it is our unawareness of the power that we do have, which is our biggest hurdle to surmount.
Our stories hold unique inspiration for one another.
Be the master of your life.
Dare to overcome life difficulties to fulfil your dreams.
Adversities test whether we really can live for our dreams.
We are strengthening by different experiences in life;Sad times, happy moments.Poverty, riches.Failure, success.Troubles, good times.Losing, winning.
You have to choose your path.You have to decide what you wish to do.You are the only person that can determine your destiny.
Keep calm and keep learning.
Don't allow the circumstances to stop you from pursuing your passion.
Birth our night into dayAnd bathe it clean,So that beloved things can glowTogether in a litter of light.
You can reach maximum performance by engaging in physical activities.
We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later
You have the power within your reach to create what you desire.
Lover of books, lover of knowledge.
We too can repair our cracks with goldAnd glow again.Crazed by life,More beautiful than ever before.
Everyday can be extraordinaryAnd ripe,Like a flower burst,If the will is there.
When in love or inspired,An eternal kiss from the divineAwaits us all.
The gift of the moments and its lessons prepares us for a better tomorrow.
When you are on a great mission, look simple;think and act complexly
We are all One and others are simply reflections of ourselves. When the mirror is cleared, the reflection becomes clean too.
Wisdom's Way to Wonder?Yes, Your Majesty? Wiseoneder, What say you of days and nights?Days and nights, Your Majesty, appear to the bright to be filled with light; Light being dark way out of sight.
Do not worry when situations get bitter. A bitter situation is a better teacher. The greatest lessons in life can least be found in comfort and much more in uncomfortable situations of life.
so many sounds do come close to our ears each moment. What we allow into our mind and how we interpret what we listen to is what propels our thought and actions
she enetered the room and the entire crowd stopped, who was she? even in a million moons; you will never understand her, for she is to mysterious to presume and too wise to share her light to everyone. I wanted to love her, but i could tell, i wasnt the only one.
Perspective and perseverance are carved by time and constructed by wisdom.
don't worry when situations get bitter. A bitter situation is a better teacher. The greatest lessons in life cannot only be found in comfort but also in the uncomfortable situations of life
he death of a purposeful person is not the death of purpose
Be of good cheer, your visions will be fulfilled in their own time.
wisdom is great, but sometimes, those who think they are wiser than others can become the otherwise
When people begin to define the things that they believe in, based upon the exclusion of all the things that they hate, all that does is eat away at the soul. Define the things that you believe in based upon the pursuit of the the things that you love and then that love should be able to override all those things that you hate.
Wisdom is not always discovered in a book, true wisdom is discovered in the knowing that you know nothing.
Why do men create suffering for others and fight over material wealth? Naked we come into the world, naked will go out of the world.
Finding your bliss in true equality and great quality can only benefit others
A time past is an essence gone
A wise man does not eat his seed even in the time of hunger, he knows the value of his seed!
He who thinks they know it all, is bound to take the greatest fall.
Positive thoughts,Positive attitude,Positive action.
It has been said that life only gives us what we can handle. But this is not the case. Life often kills us, that's the truth. But that's how phoenixes are born.
For peace read books, for success read books and take actions.
If you don't find a good teacher, find a good book.
If you value your words, people will not ask you to make any promises.
The adult were once young.The young have not yet attained adulthood.
Our infinitesimal hopes should survive longer than our vast disappointments
Do we reflect on life? Someday this life will be gone.
In life, when one gets to the point of a deeper sense of understanding about himself and his purpose, he least explains himself much to people who fail to understand him and his purpose. That must not be interpreted as neither pride nor an uncaring attitude but a great respect for purposefulness
Every year, we have 365 chances to begin a new lifetime.
Forgiveness is a very curious thing, in that you must not only know how to forgive; but you must also know how to accept forgiveness. Both of these aspects are equally important. When someone forgives you- believe it.
I'm not looking for a happy ending. I'm looking for a new beginning.
The cornerstone of our thoughts begins with the spirited flames of our far-reaching imagination.
Listen not to the words that have been spoken, but bend your ears to what has not been said.
Your destiny will not carry you over the long and winding path of life. You must walk it yourself.
You can never be lost when you learn to get lost into the blue of the sea..
Never let the salt of your tears be tasteless in grief.
Blessed are you when you enjoyed the company of elderly people. They are always ready to share their rich experience and wisdom with young people.
if you are to begin at the beginning of the end, do not wait till the end before you begin. Time and timing is an essential accoutrement in the journey of life.
Fairness isn't getting what everyone else gets. Fairness is getting what you need.
the source of a river is narrow. If you could jump over it in a twinkle of an eye at the source, be sure to ponder before you jump over it at its mid or its estuary.
speak less about what you have done. think more about what you can do
The, per second great thought investment will yield the best hourly harvest of great life.
If you do not meet inspiring obstacles and failure, cry; you do not have the great path to explore, grow and mature to be great
Life is a changing sequence of situations.If you do not change something, something will change you.
the matured understands mistakes as a necessary growth path to maturity
Expect it, believe it, trust yourself and the process, and allow it to come to you.
humility must not be equated to mediocrity and cowardice
when distress comes your way, pause and ponder
Change is the mother of growth and maturity.
the greatest asset one may be able to possess is a great mind
Where ignorance prevails, there an opportunity exists.
common sense is embedded in common things
most times the best things people deserve from us is our silence.Speak through silence and it will be more powerful than harsh words
there is no gift or asset that is so precious than to have another 24hours to prove how worthy or not our existence under the sun is. leave a distinctive footprint each day
when distress comes your ways, pause and ponder
pain reveals secretes.
we hear the most brilliant ideas and suggestions we failure comes our way
we hear brilliant and great suggestions when failure comes our way
I may not have all to be happy but I have to be happy with all that I have
your relevance in an environment may be determined by your acts there
only the eye that sees can differentiate a flower from leaves
People think they are not satisfied with what they have but in true sense they are not satisfied with what they are.
Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge.
Creative people neither like to be possessive nor like to be possessed.
I don't put my ideas in a meeting for acceptance or rejection, I put them in the market for success or failure.
Habits are good if you have the habit of the best.
Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.
If monkey became a man, then a man can become a hero.
Treat a sick man with the medicine and a sad man with the music.
The most annoying pain is perceived when a man is living without a purpose.
the target of the masses is that which stands out of the masses
An anarchist government somehow creates an impression in the hearts of citizens that no one cares.
Men who fish at shallow waters can never have enough fish to feed their family talk less of a nation or a generation
Only those who ignore d sea waves&tides to fish in deep waters can have abundance of fishes to feed their generation.
An act of charity by the citizens questions the worthiness of the government.
until the stone becomes soft, it cannot attach itself to the wall.
fear is dangerous but fear is good
You don't need to wish harder, you need to work harder.
Today I am leading because yesterday I was reading.
If you can confess before a friend, you don't need a priest.
If you fulfill the wishes of your employees, the employees will fulfill your visions.
Sell your materials but save your morals.
Capability can handle challenges, it doesn't accept charity.
Use your youth to do something useful or unique or ultimate.
Doing better is creativity, doing faster is creativity, doing smarter is creativity, doing right is creativity.
Creativity is admired only if it solves the problem.
The great idea is the one that is either saleable or is worthy of imitation.
Always remember, animals can intimidate men with their strength but men cannot intimidate animals with their intelligence.
Sometimes an act of common sense is indistinguishable from an act of genius.
People in blind love throw away common sense, conscience and comedy from the life.
Opinions are like hearts. Everyone has one, but they are not ALL healthy.
if you cannot ponder to wonder, you will always wonder to ponder
People will always believe what they want to believe, about you. This is due to the fact that people wish to create their own truths; anything but the truth that's real. My creed is simple: Let them! Their beliefs don't alter your truth. Moreover, your attempt at altering them won't do any good for you.
Life doesn't offers charity, it offers chance.
A single man is minority, a leader is the majority.
You have given intelligence to find one solution, and imagination to find ten.
Preparation doesn't assures victory, it assures confidence.
Reading doesn't mean accepting everything you read, it means reasoning everything you read.
A scientist is proud of his intelligence, an artist is proud of his imagination.
Professional men run the business started by the courageous men.
People shouldn't just talk about you, they should tell your tales.
Don't make such decisions whose bad results make you look like you are your own enemy.
We are limited by knowledge, not by courage.
You must go to the school or to the books or on the field because knowledge doesn't come to you, you must go to the knowledge.
Star in the sky is useless to the world,Star on the stage makes the difference to the world.
Your courage will be tested during the adversity as well as during the change.
System fails when people with ability don't have authority and people with authority don't have ability.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
It takes a really long time to realize this, but if you're lucky you eventually see that you've got this life on this planet and you're responsible for really loving yourself. And I mean really, really, really loving yourself. Love is never a corruption. I'm talking about loving yourself with a true love, a love that's incorruptible and everlasting.
My heart is not available for hurt.
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
That's enough crying about the problems, let's begin killing the problems.
Improvement is not enough, you also needs innovation.
My ideas will not be discussed, they will be executed.
If you don't have the confidence to ask, you will never have the confidence to convince.
My men are my money.
Great ideas doesn't need approvals, they need application.
Hug your customers but also offer handshake to your competitors.
Consistency is good, but progress is better.
A real businessman value his partners like friends and his partnership like friendship.
Healthy people sleep eight hours,Wealthy people sleep four hours.
Your abilities are not enough to fulfill your wishes, so work considering your wishes and not your abilities.
The only measurement I understand is perfection.
If you wish to be a great family-man learn philosophy of people, if you wish to be a great businessman learn philosophy of finance.
First make your business itself a brand and then every product you create will be accepted as a brand.
Improvement is not enough, you also need innovation.
Statements of ordinary people are ignored like poor freebies, statements of great people are accepted like profound philosophy.
As you grow old, if you don't earn some money or inspiration out of your hobby, you will stop pursuing your hobby.
You don't need anybody's permission to prove yourself, just prove yourself.
Jewelry maybe is more expensive than clothes, but clothes are more important than jewelry.
Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.
Beginning in itself has no value, it is an end which makes beginning meaningful, we must end what we begun.
Take care of your manners as seriously as your money.
Before you get bored of yourself try creativity in your life.
A painting shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Don't feel bad if your youth cannot be joyful, but at least make it useful.
Your clothes should be as important as your skin.
A man can build a home but it needs a woman to run a home.
Lovers tend to be philosophical, achievers are practical.
When it comes to creating things, I compete with nature not with men.
After I leave the earth my work is anyway going to belong to the world for centuries but till that time I want to work freely.
Ordinary men earns responsibility towards their family, extraordinary men earns duty towards their nation.
Pragmatism is good prevention for problems.
Let people stick to their philosophy, you stick to your passion.
Responsibility and duty are different things, you can sacrifice your responsibility for your duty but you cannot sacrifice your duty for your responsibility.
A civilization must be judged by its standards not by its expenditure.
People enjoy convincing others, if others are wrong they convince them towards right, if others are already right they still want to convince them towards wrong.
Nature has created countless number of wonders, we got a long way to go as man have created only seven wonders.
People with responsibility and people without responsibility are sorry for each other.
My artificial creations will be better than nature's natural creations.
I can lend you my money not my books.
To your parents you are still that innocent baby, and sometimes even you will need your father's hand and your mother's lap.
People never forget two things, their first love and the money they wasted watching a bad movie.
The primary feature of women is not a 'beauty', it's a 'mystery'.
I don't understand this irony - valuable things like cars, gold, diamond are made up of hard materials but most valuable things like money, contracts and books are made up of soft paper.
A borrower who doesn't returns is a beggar.
Reading is the noblest of all the hobbies, that is why people mention it so frequently in their resume even if they don't read much.
Audience can live without a movie but a movie cannot live without an audience.
Emotions manipulates the man more than habits do.
Two kinds of people have many friends, one with bank balance and other with boldness.
I don't expect congratulations for successful beginning, what I want is the applaud at successful ending.
At home I am a man, at work I am a machine.
Beliefs are stronger than mere ideas, thoughts and notions, be careful about what you believe.
When you are a grown up your brothers become your neighbors and your unconditional brotherhood become your conditional neighborhood.
Never believe a friend who offered you his friendship just because he was getting bored.
There is enough knowledge in the books to explain the existing, your knowledge must inspire what is possible.
People fear nothing as much as boredom and they will do unimaginable things to make it go away.
People won't respect you until you achieve the respectable goals.
Be bold, don't be boring.
In modern times, beauty is more trusted than goodness.
Negotiation is permissible for mediocrity not for excellence.
My 'passion' is my priority.
People come to me for the solution of their problem, if my knowledge and experience is not enough to solve the problem, I go to my library read the relevant book and provide the solution.
And I realized, that the reason why good things were not happening to me as often as wanted them to, was because I in fact was a good thing that needed to happen. I needed to happen to me, to other people and to the world. And so I happened.
People are crazy about food, smoking, drinking, girls but not about their dreams.
Check the history, more people died for freedom than love, people need freedom before they need love.
Be the love of your love, not the slave of your love.
Dreams can only be seen with open eyes, what you see while you asleep are nightmares.
Your personality should be described in poem not in paragraph.
In the United States today, there is a pervasive tendency to treat children as adults, and adults as children. The options of children are thus steadily expanded, while those of adults are progressively constricted. The result is unruly children and childish adults. 
What we instill in our children will be the foundation upon which they build their future.
You should listen to even the smallest voice, someday it could be the one that makes a difference.
Remember Old Nan's stories, Bran. Remember the way she told them, the sound of her voice. So long as you do that, part of her will always be alive in you.
May you always see the world through the eyes of a child.
I had a very wise mother. She always kept books that were my grade level in our house.
A child is child.
Modern humans are taught from the childhood that they are weak and sinners. Teach them that they are embodiment of glory and children of immortal strength. Eventually a society full of bravehearts will rise.
Never put a single thought of weakness in the flourishing minds of the children. Fill them up with vigour and compassion, for their character will define the future of the entire human species.
Children always give this simple message: Be natural, be sincere, be yourself!
Children who are ill, in their innocence and plight, teach adults many lessons, and one of those lessons is that 'Life must go on. Face it. Live it. Enjoy it. Despite all the odds.' That is bravery, in the eyes of a sick child.
We need to substitute 'trier' for failure. The word 'fail' is closely related to the word fall. A child taking his first step falls, cries and then tries again. Why does he try again? Because he wants to, but does not, know the meaning of failure.
As we come marching, marching, we battle too for men,For they are women's children, and we mother them again.Our lives shall not be sweated from birth until life closes;Hearts starve as well as bodies; give us bread, but give us roses!
Spiritual maturity is not measured by the years that you have spent in church, rather by your attitude before people different from you.
What kind of legacy will you leave behind? What will your children and your children's children say about you? How will you be remembered? Will your life and decisions have inspired others to do better? Life is too short to postpone it - choose to be positive today.
To reform the world - means to reform upbringing...
A child thinks and acts like a child. But when you are grown, you act and think like an adult. Too many people are still childish and immature and fail to realize it's a setback in their lives.
When you do choose to speak," she told me, "speak truths.
... the kids, they took us places we never would have gone to on our own. Some times were great... some times were wretched... And there was still no guarantee, no bulletproof glass, safety net, steel-toed boots, anything at all that would promise more good moments... so was it enough? It was.
Set example to your children, in speech and in conduct.
Death has nothing to do with going away.The sun sets.The moon sets.But they are not gone.~Rumi
Sum of life; Birth, childhood, youth, adulthood, parenthood, old age and death.
We all die one day, but jewels never fade or perish. Through our children we live. That's how we cheat death.
All of us were once children, but only some of us remember that
Children have imagination enough to grasp any idea which you present to them with honesty and without patronage.
Children act on the words they hear.May your words be gracious to the hearing of children.May your words inspire and challenge children to fulfill their true potential.
Every child gets a good mother, but not every mother gets a good child.
The problem with a man is, he is no more a child.
All small children are weathermen.
He said No to those Wild Things and so did I. Sometimes we said No and sometimes we shouted it and we were ferocious because it counted for everything.
Literacy is one of the greatest gifts a person could receive
If the day ever comes that it (Deep Space Nine) isn't safe for kids to run around this station we all need to pack up and go home.
There is no substitute for books in the life of a child.
Children are happy because they have the power of finding happiness in the simplest things.
For me, it's not just about blessing my generation, I've done that already, I also have to be a father to the fatherless.
The children are the future, so, let's tell them about tomorrow's hope rather than yesterday's despair.
You know that person on your left shoulder who tells you that you can't do it or that you're not good enough? Tell that person to GET LOST!
In the shimmering ignorance of illiteracy of compassion and faith the stoic desire of loving without temporal gains rules the hearts and minds in deeds and care
Children imitate their parents, employees their managers.
When I encourage someone, I see it as an investment in their resilience.
Of course our most important role as a parent is to have our children know that they are loved and worthy. Even more importantly, it's to help them discover, and fan the flames of whatever it is that they are enthusiastic about!
Helen devises plans to become a monster herself.
A harvester ant never quits and she never, ever gives up.
You have only one chance to raise your child.
Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of life's longing for itself.
When I see an evil person, I cannot believe that once he was an innocent and sweet baby.
It isn't the amount you spend today, it's what you want to invest in for the future!
If you could stay as stubborn as when you were a child then you need not to compromise on your dreams.
For Every Child We Teach To Cherish Learning, A Universe Is Born.
First you be a hero and then raise your child to be a hero.
Appeals to the Young and the Young at Heart.
The future of my child is unknown but I have loved him, supported him, and taught him right from wrong. I will continue to do so...
Children must be taught that they are worth being heard, being saved and being loved.
I am told many children block out the memory of trauma. In fact, the healing process can only truly begin when we are willing to remember.
True Courage is when you are afraid of something but go through with it anyway
I'll bet every great thinker and leader we've gotCould see all kinds of things other people could not!So then why get upset if somebody like meTries to look at the world just a bit differently?
We gotta start teaching our daughters to be somebodies instead of somebody's.
I think children want to believe that they can be heroes too.
Why are you sad?" Baby asked."Because some day you'll fly higher than high, and the blue will fill your eyes, and maybe you'll forget to come down," said Wishmoley.Baby snuggled next to him. "I'll never forget," she said.
Philosophy has forgotten about children
Every fiction has its base in fact.
All marriages have their bad sides, because people have weaknesses. If you live with another human being you learn to handle these weaknesses in a variety of ways. For instance, you might take the view that weaknesses are a bit like heavy pieces of furniture, and based on this you must learn to clean around them. To maintain the illusion.
Be careful who you choose as your friends because their bad habits can become your bad habits. Choose wisely...we all have a choice in life.
By the time I was sixteen I had read many books and I had become a freethinker.
What you do today is important . We can never get today back.
From the moment of birth, folks suddenly wanted what others said they could not have. Kids craved the most sugary sweets how alcoholics thirsted for one more drink with the most impactful punch.
Fate bring two people togetherand it is love's job t o keep them there.
Life is short break the rules.forgive quickly, kiss slowly love truly. Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that makes you smile...
String of fate brings two people together and it is love's job to keep them there.
He'd never known he had so much fight in him. Never known he could be capable of so much... He was going to change the world.
I always win.
The feeling, all encompassing, safe and warm like a blanket permanently draped over her shoulders, follows her around. She takes it into the shower, to meals with her mother and sister, to work as she reads out the news script, her voice never faltering.
What if happiness was a choice?
Forsake the world and cling to the shadows.
Normal life is presentable. In normal life, you clean up the kitchen and keep your balcony tidy and take care of your children. It's hard work--harder than one might think.
Fiction is entertaining. Nonfiction is epic.
Writing fiction is fun. Writing non-fiction is life-changing.
Keep your spirits up, for the demons are scared of salvation.
All these uses a valid; all these reading of the book are "correct". For all these readers have placed themselves inside this story, not as spectators, but as participants, and so have looked at the world of Ender's Game, not with my eyes only, but also with their own.
...and from here I realized, with the deepest sense of my being, that we can erect and dismantle the great walls of the world, but we will only truly survive as a species when we dedicate ourselves to removing the walls from within.
Fiction though it is a fiction, should be written in a way that it feels like a reality, a reality every reader willingly or sometimes unwillingly goes through, until the reader finishes reading and sometimes even after that.
In writing there is art - and in art there is craft ...
In writing, there is art. And in art, there is craft ...
Life is the courier of the universal brilliance." Elysse
...to use the little kick of energy which opposition supplies to be more vigorously oneself.
As every reader knows in his or her heart, there is much more to truth than mere fact.
life is not about being fearless its about controlling your fears
...Life had handed me a different set of cards and I was going to have to play my hand either way.
Love, is an unknown passion, for an unknown person, for an unknown reason.
The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed
Energy manipulation took place completely in mind,same way believing in telepathy caused telepathic abilities to grow STRONGER.
What?
Write about the thing that scares you most or your most private confession and you'll never have a problem coming up with decent fiction.
There may always be another reality to make fiction of the truth we think we've arrived at.
You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.
Never give up. Dare to Dream. Dare to believe.
The simplicity of youth is mesmerizing to me. Maybe because I didn't know it long enough."London Drake"They All fall down
To be inspired is great, but to inspire is an honor.
Wherever you are lacking, your obedience in working on that before your mate comes is vital.
All humans are insane, they exists because insanity exists.
We all fight for money, some for power, but most of all for love. But me, I fight to become a champion.
I am the happiest person on this world, who has never seen ups and downs in life. I got whatever I wished for. And I woke up!
For too many centuries women have been being muses to artists. I wanted to be the muse, I wanted to be the wife of the artist, but I was really trying to avoid the final issue - that I had to do the job myself.
It's hard not to be a fighter when you're constantly under siege.
If you are causing trouble, look for allies, always.
You have some balls."Frankie hated that expression, ever since Zada had pointed out to her that it equates courage with the male equipment...
But why didn't you leave? Why didn't you take my sister and go to New York?" she would say it didn't matter, that she was lucky to have my sister and me. If I pressed hard enough, she would add, "If I'd left, you never would have been born." I never had the courage to say: But you would have been born instead.
Women must write through their bodies, they must invent the impregnable language that will wreck partitions, classes, and rhetorics, regulations and codes, they must submerge, cut through, get beyond the ultimate reverse-discourse, including the one that laughs at the very idea of pronouncing the word "silence"...In one another we will never be lacking.
Does any woman ever count the grains of her harvest and say: Good enough? Or does one always think of what more one might have laid in, had the labor been harder, the ambition more vast, the choices more sage?
You sought a flower and found a fruit. You sought a spring and found a sea. You sought a woman and found a soul - you are disappointed.
I don't understand why you insist on calling yourselves Three Little Piglettes, Mum groans. It's a horrible name.We'll make it beautiful, you'll see. Or better, we'll make it powerful.
Ram wanted to marry a woman in front of whom he would be compelled to bow his head in admiration. P.210
And, and to all the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams.
Life's struggle is a partnership. We fight and win together, or we truly lose the vision of our powerful spirituality and awesome oneness.
Life's lessons are designed that we would rise from 'The Fall' (or our failures) and be restored to our Divine nature.
To be a woman is to be a fighter! A woman has to be strong and has to fight every moment of her life - against a society that believes in patriarchy, chauvinism and male privilege!
I didn't wake up this morning worrying about what protest color I'd wear, or what the world would do without me because I didn't wake up feeling like the victimhood narrative was a part of my story. Real women don't have to remind the world every day that history once slighted them.
A world that does not love, respect and protect its Women is doomed to perish! Because Women are Mother Earth!
There is not a woman born who desires to eat the bread of dependence, no matter whether it be from the hand of father, husband, or brother; for anyone who does so eat her bread places herself in the power of the person from whom she takes it.
It wouldn't be very ladylike to punch a guy in the balls, but it isn't very manlike to harass a woman because she has different parts and a sweet face.
Besides(..), it's a poor woman whose ambition is only to be loved.
Without even trying to be a teacher, Fredrika is teaching us,Showing us how to see things in new waysInstead of always thinkingThe same old thoughtsThat have been passed along by strangersDay after day, year after yearWithout any spirit of amazementOr wonder,
Women will have achieved true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.
America- often called the land of milk and honey- tends to be sweeter, more generous to those who don't rock the boat. Sarah Mullen
I'm using beauty to subvert the system.
She was a professional. A professional who didn't need five inches of makeup and f*ck-me cleavage to do her job.
What do you think Amy Poehler is doing right now?
There's no such thing as ugly.
Counting calories is not the answer, because eating is not the problem.
There are really not many jobs that actually acquire a penis or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
Go," she whispered. "Go. Show them you spell your name W-O-M-A-N.
The mainstream media perpetuates the notion that women should focus entirely on a static image of a perfect body as the end goal. There are no messages about the process, the active body, how it makes us feel in that moment.
A woman in love with another woman is revolution's revolution: it is not an act of war. it is not an act of desperation. it is not an act of fear. it is - it always has been and it always, always will be - an act of love.
Let's Level the Playing Field!
She will be your living hell.
A society has no chance of success if it's women are uneducated.
They think the recipe for a 'home-maker' is- a woman who isn't smart enough, lacks skills and above all isn't ambitious enough! Well she is every bit as smart as the woman who puts on a suit to go to work in a man's world to prove- times have changed! She is every bit as intelligent!
Well. If you are worried about the effects of feminism and you are a man, it's probably because you are worried that men will start to be treated like women have been treated since the dawn of time. By this I mean worse, which makes you nervous, no doubt.
There is no beast, no rush of fire, like woman so untamed. She calmly goes her way where even panthers would be shamed.
There. There you are. You have dropped a marker pin on your body, to reclaim yourself, to remind you where you are: inside yourself. Somewhere. Somewhere in there.
When people ask me why I still have hope and energy after all these years, I always say: Because I travel.
My father did not have to trade dying alone for the joys of the road. My mother did not have to give up a journey of her own to have a home. Neither do I. Neither do you.
I myself cried when I got angry, then became unable to explain why I was angry in the first place. Later I would discover this was endemic among female human beings. Anger is supposed to be "unfeminine", so we suppress it-until it overflows.
Do not settle for people who do not appreciate you, who do not know how lucky they are. Remember it is a privilege to be loved by you or even just to be touched by you. And the warmth of another body does not define your worth.
Women in love are patheticand I cannot be bothered, for now,I am back to metaphysicsand my armpits gather hair.
I shall have my lasso, I shall lead the course;I recognize it's time to mount a different horse.
Don't be afraid. Be the kind of person your mother warned you about.
Victimhood gives us great moral superiority and entitles us to unquestioning sympathy while exempting us from examining any single one of our actions. A victim is utterly devoid of responsibility or blame. This of course leaves us vulnerable as we will carry on engaging in precisely the behaviour which provoked an unacceptable response.
I believe beauty is action. If my action can bring smiles in the innocent faces of people then my act is beautiful.
The greatest form of abortion is not letting the man put it there in the first place!
I like being a woman in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants.
When you can't find someone to follow, find a way to lead by example.
A self-made man" - not of woman born but alchemized, through sheer force of will, by the man himself. This is what I want to be. I want to be a self-made woman. I want to conjure myself out of every sparkling, fast moving thing I can see. I want to be the creator of myself. I'm going to begat myself
If a woman defined herself solely by the man she was with-and vice versa-the world would be a very shallow and insipid place, indeed.
You have to take opportunities and make an opportunity fit for you, rather than the other way around.
My recipe for life is not being afraid of myself, afraid of what I think or of my opinions.
I'm willing to be under anything, she said, as long as it isn't somebody's thumb.
The feminist movement taught women to see themselves as victims of an oppressive patriarchy....Self-imposed victimhood is not a recipe for happiness.
You can wipe your feet on me, twist my motives around all you like, you can dump millstones on my head and drown me in the river, but you can't get me out of the story. I'm the plot, babe, and don't ever forget it.
There are two important days in a woman's life: the day she is born and the day she finds out why.
Intelligent resistance keeps the true self alive
I'd seen entire constellations of possibility I'd never previously been aware of, so blinded had I been by the bright, glaring stars of expectation. Freedom, I was beginning to think, had less to do with where you were, and was more about who you were trying to be.
Society shall never make progress unless it changes its basic objective of making things easier;instead our main objective should be to make men stronger!I say "men" as women have always had and shall continue to have all the strength needed!!-Ashoka Jahnavi Prasad(Woods oration-2008)
A civilized society is formed when every individual in that society are bound to obey the rules and regulation which is for the benefit of their own society. 
Harmony is not a luxury, it is an existential necessity of the species. And to achieve it, if a hundred Bibles have to be sacrificed, then be it. But for no Bible, Quran or Gita, can harmony be compromised.
A vigilante is just a man lost in the scramble for his own gratification. He can be destroyed or locked up. But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can't stop you, then you become something else entirely
Truth doesn't pay homage to creeds. Creeds must adjust themselves to be compatible with the truth.
In an ideal world, no one would need a therapy. In this world, many people did but didn't get it for a variety of reasons. Liam believed some of them turned to the world of doms and subs.
What if you'd live every day as if you were our society's future and hope?
I wonder how can I ever work for an organization that pollutes the world and refuses to clean up and sometimes even own up. And, I wonder how on earth can I work for an organization where one of my fellow classmates wouldn't get the same paycheck and the same perks and the same benefits as I would simply because she is a girl.
Innovations shapes the future and our willingness to explore it makes our existence meaningful.
If a society does not value love and kindness, that society has no value.
To create an enlightened society, be a beacon of light
What a mighty nation, we will be, if we encourage one another?
I believe you find life such a problem because you think there are good people and bad people. You're wrong, of course. There are, always and only, the bad people, but some of them are on opposite sides.
We can not improve humanity if everyone is conforming to society's standards. Set your own standard, and find out for yourself.
Love, care and treasure the elderly people in the society.
Conformity rules society not wisdom or simplicity.
Racism is a stubborn whitehead on the face of society.
Our ancestors did great work for humanity. What will we do for the next generations?
After forty years of working on prevention of a wide range of common and costly psychological and behavioral problems, I am convinced we have the knowledge to achieve a healthier, happier, and more prosperous society than has ever been seen in human history.
Individuality is a flame that can start a wildfire in a world of conformity.
But I know that for every good thing that comes along, there is always a cost.
If she's in pain now she doesn't show it; she just closes her eyes and surrenders, and that is worse than her screaming for help, somehow.
Fear is a disease of mind we inherit from society.
True education should teach us how to think, how to see the beauty in the midst of ugliness, how to love without judging, how to find opportunity to help, and how to develop a peaceful and nonviolent society.
Manners without sincerity, is called polite society
When you serve the humanity and contribute to the society without expectation, you are happy.
Now domestication and sophistication of men by women are the norm and acceptable by society, but they are terrible for manhood.
Your false promises are dark enough to submerge even the sun.
Sometimes, the truth makes everything else seem like.
Providing employment is the best form of social service, as it serves you, others, your country, your world - the entire society.
We are not like you. We do not glory in having power over our own kind." Haghuf turned to walk away. Then as an afterthought added over his shoulder, "Or imagining that we do.
Jenna, standing in the doorway with her mouth and hand full of shelled pistachios, says, '"Real' is a dirty word in this place'.
The easiest thing for a person is to accept everything as it is and adjust with everyone in the surroundings by sacrificing or compromising originality, but it's also the worst thing if he proclaims that he has changed himself.
The public thinks big, sensible, measured thoughts while people run around doing silly things
Your dreams can change the environment which was not conducive for it at first! However it is a good initiative for the dreams that would change one society to be nursed in another environment, before being transplanted to strive in its original environment for the change process to begin!
Why would you put your self esteem in the hands of complete strangers?
Anybody who tries to change society without first examining the family, is trying to push a shadow without moving a statue.
We are too focused in our differences to see how much we already share.
Human life and human labour were near. I must struggle on: strive to live and bend to toil like the rest.
dude im starting to think that life is very unfair
I've always wondered why women are expected to deny their true age. Why? To be a woman of 50 and up is a badge of triumph-a hard-earned certificate that says you survived the shallowness, the violence, the meanness, and the caprice of a male-dominated society without losing your mind!
To find stability within the world, one must first find stability within.
In a formal socialization, no one individual can stand without the other to rely on, regardless of the situation.
A man's concern, even his despair, over the worthwhileness of life is an existential distress but by no means a mental disease.
You are the most lucky person in the world, only if you BELIEVE so.
How often do we stand convinced of the truth of our early memories, forgetting that they are assessments made by a child? We can replace the narratives that hold us back by inventing wiser stories, free from childish fears, and, in doing so, disperse long-held psychological stumbling blocks.
Psychology is the science of mental life
Human empathy, while not found on any chart of human anatomy, is the reason we instinctively hurt for our children. it is the reason that one human being's intensely personal tests and triumphs can be harnessed to the good of countless others.
Psychology has a long past, but only a short history
If I were dropped out of a plane into the ocean and told the nearest land was a thousand miles away, I'd still swim. And I'd despise the one who gave up.
We can understand the inherent radiance & purity of our minds by understanding metta. Like the mind, metta is not distorted by what it encounters.
People in the midst of losing their patience are certainly experiencing as aspect of dukkha.
All we've got is Now. Life, composed of a billion moments, from our first to our last thoughts.
Authenticity inspires. Just be real.
We all struggle. It's just that some of us struggle out loud and some of us don't.
Follow the truth and you will never get lost.
If you bewilder other people about your self identify, this shows that you are behaving really good in disguise. Also, if posses this kind of personality, you will likely have no remorse for your mistake and you will eventually lose your trust from others.
The so-called mystical characters of India, whom you call in many ways, such as swami, baba and guru are nothing but an informal, cheap and primitive substitute for modern psychotherapists or counsellors.
People whose eyes shine are happy to be alive. They see life and it's glory even when things aren't easy.And because they see life, even through all the problems and obstacles, their eyes shine.
Only those person who learned to like themselves can be generous and friendly with others.
If others are judgmental and do not appreciate your life's work, don't be dejected. Try to see the incapability of others who are unable to understand the things you understand, and appreciate the capability of seeing something which is not visible to others.
If you don't know when you're good, how can you know when you're bad?
A society whose members are helpless need idols.
Society reproduces itself antagonistically.
Having needs is not evidence of weakness - it is human.
Happiness is a choice and a state of mind.
This may sound like a bunch of psychobabble, but the truth is that we are all filled with contradictions; personality is fluid not black and white. And, well.we are all both strongand weak. That's what it means to be human. We all have flaws, weaknesses. The real strength is when we can admit these to ourselves and become able to show them to others.
Awareness is the novelty of our youth
I see love as a force of nature. No matter how much you want to, you cannot control or demand love. No one can. It cannot be bought, bartered, or sold. It is priceless.
In terms of monetary behavior, there are two types of people in this Earth: those who save and those who spend.
Arguing is a waste of time, because our attitudes need a quantum leap, not our knowledge. Arguing is a sport at best and a bad attitude at worst.
Why read fiction when real life can be just as interesting?
It is human nature to strive.
Need is what tears people apart. When you want someone, you never really need them. But as soon as you start need someone, they no longer want you.
Need is what tears people apart. When you want someone, you never really need them. But as soon as you start to need someone, they no longer want you.
Hatred and disdain do harm to the donor not the intended recipient.The Strength in Knowing ----- by I. Alan Appt
It's not a secret that the best predictor of future behavior is past behavior.
The world is your perception of it. Inside and outside always match - they're reflections of each other. The world is a mirror image of your mind.
What if I said, there was a way
We may not be able to control life's circumstances, but we always have a choice about how we use our minds to respond to them.
We can only bring about change in our lives when we clearly see two truths: that the pain of remaining the same is greater than the pain of fighting our toughest battles, and that by taking the biggest risks, we gain the most valuable rewards.
Your current body is the only body that can take you to your new body-so be kind to it.
While most people are playing it safe and doing everything they can to avoid pain, successful people know that they must face their fears and do what needs to be done regardless of how they feel. They don't necessarily like the hard work, but they're willing to do it because they like the results.
It is awesome to note that the works your work are working but that should not be a joy. The ultimate joy should be that the works of your work are indelible.
While your ego is always trying to figure out its place in the world, your true self knows that your place is always right here, right now.
Believe it or not, your body has nothing but unconditional love for you. The proof? Without any effort on your part, your heart is beating, your lungs are breathing, and the rhythm of life is graciously flowing through you every second of every day-unconditionally.
The reason we have such a difficult time losing weight permanently is not because we are making bad choices, but because we are not stopping our automatic subconscious programmed behaviors in their tracks.
It is time to climb the mountains of our mind
How hard it is to now believe that these strong, merciless chains of fear and hopelessness, rendering the limbs of my mind motionless, were once innocuous mere threads. -Mehul.M
Never trust the one who praise you frankly
How old you would become if you don't know how young you are.
The only voice of dissent you have to dispel is your own.
Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking of what we want to become. Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking about who we don't ever want to be again. Everything we do is part of who we are. How we choose to use those memories, to motivate or to submit is entirely up to us.
You can study gravity forever without learning how to fly.
Social scientists and psychologists are conducting research studies that clearly show that when we behave and act as if we are happy, confident, healthy or in love, we become happy, confident, healthy and in love.
Families that feel together, heal together.
No matter what anyone says, no matter the excuse or explanation, whatever a person does in the end is what he intended to do all along.
Put emotions to thoughts. Thoughts to words. Words to paragraphs. Paragraphs to pictures. Let your mind be known, heard and seen. Your thoughts are real as it could be.
Retirement with its open canvas, is an especially opportune time to cultivate expanded experiences.
Wisdom is not guaranteed with age but is realized through one's sensitivity to humanity and the universe
Jenny slowly awoke on the sacrificial altar to an Ethereal Light that flamed through the east wall, a radiant aura of love dispersing the frightful scene. A glow pulsating from Angeletta's body still burning in the fire pit slowly rose to join the Light. A Heavenly peace infused Jenny as she realized, "There's a man standing in the air straight above me!
People can learn to be more optimistic by acting as if they were more optimistic.
If you feel unwanted or unappreciated where you are or by those you're with, it only means you're in the wrong place or with the wrong people. Hang in there. Someone else will see you for the true gift you are.
When you get kicked in the teeth, chew on it: don't bite back.
You want to be happy? You want to be well? Then put your boots on.
A therapist who rushes to help forgets to listen.
The choice in this life is not between easy and hard, but between kinds of hardship, between a hardship that gives birth to wisdom, compassion and mercy, and the hardship that keeps on replicating itself to no end.
This is my life's work. It is a user's manual to the human being, a parenting book ... and how to be the best you can be.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronge
Perception is strong and sight weak. In strategy it is important to see distant things as if they were close and to take a distanced view of close things.
Then came the healing time, hearts started to shine, soul felt so fine, oh what a freeing time it was.
...when I left her to-day, she put her arms around me and felt my shoulder blades, to see if my wings were strong, she said. 'The bird that would soar above the level plain of tradition and prejudice must have strong wings. It is a sad spectacle to see the weaklings bruised, exhausted, fluttering back to earth.'
What is it that would make a creature as fierce, majestic and powerful as a lion is, subject itself to the intimidation of a man a whip and a chair? The lion has been taught to forget what it is.
Happiness does not come in large incomes or the most exotic home, it comes in small doses of a great self esteem which can be built upon the strengths of an individual.
Immortals are constrained by ancient rules. But a hero can go anywhere, challenge anyone, as long as he has the nerve.-Chiron
But how can they just decide that we're animals? They don't even know us," I said."We know us," said Mother. "They're wrong. And don't ever allow them to convince you otherwise. Do you understand?
It's only as bad as you make it.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
The toughness I was learning was not a martyred doggedness, a dumb heroism, but the art of accommodation. I thought: to be tough is to be fragile; to be tender is to be truly fierce.
You're not completely alone, you have me! Even if the entire world turns its back on you, you'll still be the strongest as long as you have me!
The revolution has no leader, I said. It was more like a raging wild horse that would buck anyone who tried to mount it against its will.
Keep moving through valleys to find your sight,As the dark becomes the light,Keep moving up mountains to find your strength,As you climb the hardest length.
With grace, we find the strength to reach the goal.
I encourage you to remember that you are, indeed, as the stars. You glow with the same intensity. The answers that you seek outside of yourself may very well be found within the cosmic intelligence inside you. Go ahead; show the world what you are made of! Sparkle, shine, light the way, and brightly blaze as you are meant to do.
Your strength doesn't come from winning. It comes from struggles and hardship. Everything that you go through prepares you for the next level.
It is always harder to climb the mountain. One must find strength of hope within the depths of heart to move onward.
No matter what, if you have the strength of life, it is enough to be thankful.
We cannot run away from our problems. We have to pray for strength to conquer,
I didn't scream I wasn't afraid. I knew I was strong enough to survive it all.
... there is nothing stronger than a woman who has beaten her way back from being beaten down in the first place.
Believe it or not, I'm stronger than any belief, stereotype, profile, or idea you have of me. I'm driven and self-made with a perception unique to my own. You'll hate that and say I'm not special. I'll allow you to believe it because deep down, you already know I am. My name's Charles Lee. Bound for greatness. Destined to soar.
I love connecting with people who have been through the fire and come out stronger and wiser. Using their experiences to inspire and empower others. Those are my people.
You are strong enough to sing as you wish, not as your pain has forced to. You aren't your hurt. You're other than that. You are not the broken things you've been.
You are strong enough to sing as you wish, not as your pain has forced you to. You aren't your hurt. You're other than that. You are not the broken things you've been.
Audiences will admire your character's strength but connect with them through their weakness.
Nothing and nobody is obliged to save you but you.
My suffering helps me to find grace of strength.
All that I can truly have: life, strength and time!
Whoever suffers knows the strength of suffering.
The singular difference between success and true success is those who achieved true success did not pursue success, they were driven by it. They were those who followed their strengths, they were those who spent each heartbeat to proffer solutions to humanity's problems, they were those who lived a highly simple and effective life.
Every chance worth taking will make you a little scared. That means you're taking a risk. And where there is risk, there is reward.
More is less, less is more
The worldly comforts are not for me. I am like a traveler, who takes a rest under a tree in the shade and then goes on his way
People try to use your past against you not realizing you were using it to propel you.
The best richness is the richness of the soul
Please hear me, you are not alone on this planet hurtling through space, solitude is an illusion, come let me help you, rise up, walk forward, walk tall, walk straight, let nothing stop you.
Our lives are the Journey we take to find our true selves!
A father gives his child nothing better than a good education
When two persons are together, two of them must not whisper to each other, without letting the third hear; because it would hurt him
Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think that maybe some of them was in tunnels, and in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was inside of them. And then, even long after they escaped that tunnel... They still be shining for everybody else.
The best of you are those who are best to the women
We all eventually find that life is a series of adjustments, but anything can be overcome when there is love around you. Once can be strong on their own, but there is greater strength in knowing when to rely on others.
I believe i am hard as a stone, but even a stone breaks if you smash it real hard.....
If you do not feel ashamed of anything, then you can do whatever you like
It is difficult for a man laden with riches to climb the steep path, that leads to bliss
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know
The next time the world tells you Stop, Don't, or You can't do this, the next time the world beats the living daylight out of you, hit it back with a knock just as strong and say, No, I want to do this.
We are taught that the hero's journey is the journey from weakness to strength. But I am here today to tell you that those stories are wrong. The real hero's journey is the journey from strength to weakness.
You can try to dirty my name, but I'll wear your hate like war paint.
You do not become outstanding by working on your weaknesses You become outstanding by focusing on your strenghts.
Fall seven times. Get up eight.
Every sphere of life demands enduring spirit and strength.
Your life is a show and you're the star so don't let anyone walk on set and treat you like an extra.
May you have a fresh strength in the spring season.
I tread paths by moonlight that others fear to speak of during day.
You do not give your precious body to the billy clubs of Birmingham sheriffs, nor to the insidious activity of the streets.
Run the race of life with your sacred strength.
You cannot break me. My spirit is stronger.
May your spirit be strengthened.
That's the thing about rocks--they don't break easily. When I held them, I wanted to be like them-strong and steady, weathered but not broken.
Love is the greatest personal force.
Faith is the strength of existence.
Positive spirit, positive strength.
In time of poverty, you alone face is your fate. If your spirit is stronger enough, you will survive.
We are powerful beyond imagination.
I'm strong beyond appearances reveal,But I'm human, and have weak moments still.
We are, none of us, pillars of strength. We use our moments of strength to carry us through our moments of weakness.
The soul-sacred strength is calmness and confidence.
A single minded vision gives strength of purpose.
Your success does not depend on who you are but what you are and the strength of your expectations.
We write to give strength to our souls and souls of others.
We don't exist to survive. We live to strive.
It's not about what we go through in life, but how we come out shining on the other side that makes us who we are.
Arise in mighty strength to pursue your dream.
We are all a small part of a puzzle which contains billions of pieces. The puzzle cannot be complete without each and every one.
The strength of individual greatness makes a great team.
Love gives strength to the spirit.
The greatest thing to conquer is self.
Running away, avoiding life's battles or giving up robs you of the opportunity to grow and be stronger.
Politics doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt politics.
Freedom does not come withterms and conditionsDon't let anyone eversell you that.
How we handle adversity determines the chances if we either fall or rise.
There's no such thing as a mistake. There are only experiences. Some are good, and some are bad. Either way, it is an experience we learn from.
He who knows his strength has overcome many difficulties.
My life might not turn out to be easy I thought. I just hoped I'd turn out to be strong.
Balance hangs in the fingers of Peace
It was supposed to say "Great Artist" on my tombstone, but if I died right now it would say "such a good teacher/daughter/friend" instead; and what I really want to shout, and want in big letters on that grave, too, is FUCK YOU ALL.
Every man's endeavor was imbued with responsibility
Murder me with bombs you poor lonely sod I will only build myself again and stronger. I am too stupid to know better I am a woman built on the wreckage of myself.
yEvery man's endeavor was imbued with responsibility
The most successful people in the most impossible situations are the ones that are sure they're gonna get out of it, and they go on thinking that, even if they die trying.
Strength is not defined by the load you bear, it's defined by the amount you can bend before breaking.
If it's not on the table, don't eat it off the floor.
She was alone and destitute in a world of pointless carnage. By an eight-hundred-year-old Sepahrdic tradition she ad been since the age of twelve and a half "bogeret l'reshut nafsha"--an adult wit authority over her own soul. The Torah taught, Choose life. And so, rather than die of pride, Sofia Mendes sold what she had to sell, and she survived.
Shit happens. You can either stand their and complain about the smell or you can wipe your shoe and keep walking.
Persistence is the source of great strength.
someday we will forget the hardship, and the pain its cause us; we will realise, hurt is not the end. lessons appear to teach us strength, we learn happiness is an inside job and to cure our insanity we must not fear what is to come, but believe in what we've been taught.
Politics doesn't mean playing deceitful and trickery games against the people, it means playing resourceful and organized games for the people.
I fell in love with you like the stars fell in love with the sky, without you I am empty and bare.
Public strengthens politics but politics weakens public.
Often we read to strengthen our beliefs but not to think.
Our ability to transcend betrayal is directly tied to our willingness to identify ourselves as love activists rather than victims of the Universe.
If you remain calm in the midst of great chaos, it is the surest guarantee that it will eventually subside.
There isn't a soul in this universe with the same gifts, strength, level of intelligence and as good as yourself!
To seek is to show valor. To endure is to show strength. To believe all will arise in a time of perfection. There shows trust and faith in you.
Today's effort is the strength for tomorrow
It's not enough to step in front of people's bullets; you have to be bulletproof too. You have to be harder than anything anyone else can throw at you, and sometimes you risk losing yourself just trying to save yourself.
I'll never be the size that has single digits and my thighs will always touch when I walk but I'm ok with that.
Be the Kind of Woman that when Your Feet Hit the Floor Each Morning, the Devil Says, 'Oh Crap, She's Up!
When you carry someone else's baggage, it's nearly impossible to get rid of your own. Drop it. Now.
You are entitled to your opinion but you are not entitled to dictate mine.
Love is when unknowingly I am moving to a world of no return, Where my desire and your fragrance together burnall your thoughts in canvas of my mind and soulturns in to a masterpiece as my life's aim and goal looks I am taken over and over away by you showering in me as a rain of you and only you
To be at peace, does not mean that you are amiss of every storm, it only means that you can find a calm within the storm.
Love is An invited deal for losing peace
At times it may feel hopeless. That life is unforgiving. Breathe. In the hopelessness of life, we find hope and promise. We find strength.
Confidence is that internal alignment between what you know, what you believe and what you portray.
Divine love""Don't Leave me, ONLYTo carry my body on my two feet I need you
Revealing of origin , evidence the existence of hidden pearls in mind which is addicted to imagine and thought as well.
Any coward can instill fear. It's easy to scare people, but having the strength to make them feel safe? Now that's power.
When others cannot find something to hold onto . we can reach out and be their anchor in that moment.
Courage is meant to be strong, while fear is meant to be broken
Let Ian laugh. Let him believe pain will ruin me. I know better. I've already been ruined once, and I know how to rise from the ashes. I know how to find my broken pieces.
It's impossible, that's for sure. So let's start working.
Strength doesn't necessarily come from resisting fear, weakness, or any other feeling and overcoming it. Strength comes from looking at those things straight on--and accepting them as they really are.
And even when success comes, as I am sure it will, bear in mind that there are more quiet and enviable joys than to be among the most sought after women at a ball...
So, when I thought June might take you away, I didn't know what to do. I felt like she was taking everything that mattered to me. I felt like she was taking away from you all the things that I didn't have. That's why I'm sorry. I'm sorry because you shouldn't have to be everything to me. I had you, but I'd forgotten that I had myself too.
Every time I watch a person awaken to their inner strength, I see what we're made of, and we're magnificent. We're brilliant. We really are. We crave magic because we are magic. We crave power because we are pure power.
Finally I was able to see that if I had a contribution I wanted to make, I must do it, despite what others said. That I was OK the way I was. That it was all right to be strong.
Success can be defined as how hard you continue to fight when they tell you that the battle is over.
The wreckage of stars - I built a world from this wreckage.
It's called an inner voice for a reason. It's the gnawing feeling inside your stomach telling you yes or no. It's the one voice in your life that isn't tampered by other's biased opinions, scars, feelings or thoughts. Go with it, you know yourself better than anyone ever does.
His lips brush my ear as his voice causes my body to come to attention. If the night never ends, then there's never a new day . and with a new day comes renewed hope, light.
I'd think, maybe he truly is something extraordinary. He's what he is, that's it. Maybe that makes him strong enough, being what he is.
Success comes with failure which leads to doubts but with determination we can still achieve.
A nation is not defined by its borders or the boundaries of its land mass Rather, a nation is defined by adverse people who have been unified by a cause and a value system and who are committed to a vision for the type of society they wish to live in and give to the future generations to come.
Withheld potential is a "CRIME TO HUMANITY
What I want from you is simple. I want today only.If it's laughter, I want it. If it's pain, I want it.Whatever today holds, as long as the day holds you, I want it.I want today only.
This is not about going back. This is about life being ahead of you and you run at it! Because you never know how far you can run unless you run.
Those of you who are convinced that you missed your calling, open all doors keep the entrance way clear. This way you will not miss that next call.
The worst disability in life is a bad attitude.
Then he told Perry that love was like the waves in the sea, gentle and good sometimes, rough and terrible at others, but that it was endless and stronger than the sky and the earth and everything in between.
The woman looked out at the madness of the world and dared to hope. Her eyes were burning coals of stars.
How I wish you could have known me in my strength.
Happy endings are for people that can't survive the alternative. What a bunch of wimps.
Take down the walls.
Nature gave us pain as a messaging device to tell us that we are approaching, or that we have exceeded, our limits in some way.
sometimes the only thing wrong with you is thinking something's wrong with you.
We live in a world full of people who are satisfied with pretending to be someone they are not.
Hope drowned in shadowsemerges fiercely splendid--boldly angelic.
After all that I'd been through, after all that I'd learned and all that I'd been given, I was going to do what I had been doing every day for the last few years now: just show up and do the best that I could do with whatever lay in front of me.
We are designed with a dreaming brain and a hopeful spirit; it is our nature to envision the life of our dreams. And while dreaming comes easy to us, we must never forget that it takes strength, dedication, and courageous action to bring that dream to life
When you stop existing and you start truly living, each moment of the day comes alive with the wonder and synchronicity.
Sometimes you have to live in precarious and temporary places. Unsuitable places. Wrong places. Sometimes the safe place won't help you.
Responsibility is a grace you give yourself not an obligation
Like go for a walk, say a little prayerTake a deep breath of mountain airPut on my glove and play some catchIt's time that I make time for thatWade the shore and cast a lineLook up a long lost friend of mineSit on the porch and give my girl a kissStart livin', that's the next thing on my list.
The idea that property has overcome our personalities is the single reason we'll miss the best part of our lives. It's people, not possessions that make our lives worth living.
The venerable teachers, philosophers & spiritual practitioners throughout history have concluded that the greatest happiness we can experience comes from the development of an open, loving heart.
Cloud travel is well and good when you have mastered the landings. I never have. I must live, not dream about living.
The real lessons is the reality of living life.
Live this life as gently as you would breathe in the seaside air. Then release all those dreams and wonders to the water. Keep breathing until you're inches from where you wish to be. Then exhale, remembering that gentle life you grew up from.
I have nothing to lose, only to live.
You must choose the life you live at the time you live it.
However, if the long shot is your only shot, then you have to take it.
I realized then that all of the problems in my life that I thought were unsolvable were in fact solvable-except for having just jumped.
And maybe that is what it comes down to, knowing what the other person needs even before they know it themselves. Maybe it's just that simple and it is only us who make it complicated with our anniversaries and our gifts, with grand declarations and public demonstrations, empty words and valuable stones.
My existence is enough gift of grace.
I'm going to live until I die and I'm not going to get life and death confused. While I'm on this earth I'm going to LIVE. Why only be half alive? Every minute a person spends worrying about dying is just one minute that fellow might as well have been dead.
Delighted to be lost.
You can never get enough of adventure.
You shouldn't be wasting your time worrying about what's going to happen after you die. It's pointless. Think about what's happening now. In your life. That's what's important. So change the subject, will you?
Live your life in such a way that you can say "I love my life" and really mean it.
Any given day is a second chance, after yesterday. Make the best of it today.
...death is inevitable for all of us. The only thing that really matters in the end is how we choose to live.
But not just alive like I was yesterday and the day before. Alive like I knew I was alive. Like I could feel the breaths coming into my chest. And I knew I was the person inside my own body.
Sometimes wisdom dictates that you take a few steps backwards to be able to go much further
You can't attack the giants in your life, if you are not aiming to strike and hit the target. You can't run a race in vain, if you have no plans to win or finish it. Start, strive and aim high...never give up. Your best is yet to come!
Don't waste your time dying over the past, spend it living in the present.
When you love someone, you can just live without it. You desire to connect and communicate.
Take time to relax, renew and be revived.
Connect and communicate!
Do not just pass through life, purposely live it.
Those who are happy will make many souls happy.
Let your life blossom like sacred flower.
Life is sacred gift.
How do you wish to live in lifetime existence; envying, hating and loving? It is better to live life loving
Living a lifetime is experiment.
Happiness is happiness.
It's is not just a question of doing what you love for a living. It is a matter of doing what you love with love. Then your life and all lives will be transformed.
Learning is essential for living the life you love.
I never even heard her voice."And after a while:"It is a strange grief."Softly:"To die of nostalgia for something you never lived.
Those who want to start a new journey, there are always new roads open for you
We are not living. We are swimming in water called time. When our bodies get tired, we drowned and die.
Little things done with love are better than big things without love.
The great way to live life is to love.
Exercise promotes positive self-image and good well-being.
It's odd to see how no one is really human to us until we talk to them and realize there's barley any separation between who we are and who they are.
My life is change with the heart of gratefulness.
Man is now able to fly through the air like a bird, he is able to swim under the sea like a fish, he is able burrow beneath the ground like a mole. Now if only he could walk the earth like a man, this would be paradise.
Belief and faith are great, but very few people have been led astray by thinking for themselves.
When you first meet a person, sometimes they'll pretend to be all that you like. Deception is hard to predict instantly at times, but if you hang with them for a while their true colors will eventually begin to show.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses and start making changes.
When everything looks the same on the outside, yet everything has changed on the inside, we break. We break in half.This is the duality of loss.
Real choices - the ones that changed you and shaped you - were never made with the head, but on the beat of a heart that saw a future it couldn't live without.
And, while I may not live to live them/ Rest assured, ladies and gentlemen/For I have lived more than most/By just dreaming..."- Dreams, Dreams by Mansi Tejpal
A poem a day keeps the doctor away.
The only thing more fragile than life is the living we take for granted.
Most people have to get to a point where they don't have a choice before they'll change something.
Savor every little bit of life and spin your own wonderfully beautiful web.
Adversity doesn't exist to make us stronger. Adversity exists because this world is a damn hard place to live. Prove that you're better than the things it throws at you. Live.
Exist with me. We'd do so beautifully.
Every day is spectacular sacred time.
Once You Realize your Purpose in Life, do whatever it Takes within Good means in order to Fulfill your Destiny. This is Your Life, No One can Live it for You. The Journey is Yours.
The enemy plotted against you and awaited your downfall. Look at you surviving. And your enemies can not figure out how. What you have inside is greater than any negative force.
Consider your actions and words. Be thoughtful when expressing your feelings or concerns. Sometimes it's not what you say, but the way you say it. That makes all the difference
Yes, one can wager war in this world, ape love, torture one's fellow man, or merely say evil of one's neighbor while knitting. But, in certain cases, carrying on, merely continuing, is superhuman.
Erase the victim mentality. Remember you are capable of achieving greatness. If only you'd believe in your abilities to overcome. You are victorious. Celebrate the victory.
Be aware of the company you keep. You'd be surprised how easily they rub off on you. You don't want to attract the wrong influence.
Within Eros, there is (the) promise; within Love there is (the) Truth.
Take a moment to reflect on your life. If you are not satisfied with your reflection, then make adjustments. It's never too late to live the life of your dreams. Believe in your ability to make it happen.
It's not as easy as it looks to come back from the dead.
When everyone believes they are the life coaches, who are the players?
With limited money you can survive, with more money you can live.
Do for the others more than you do for yourself
Even a brick wants to be something.A brick wants to be something.It aspires. Even a common, ordinary brick... wants to be something more than it is.It wants to be something better than it is.
Leave me, and go to another, but never stand alone
I Drink. I Burn. I Dream.And Sometimes, I tell Stories !
This is for you, for your breath, whose absence would lessen a greater world.
Your next action could change the world, so make it a good one.
Beware some people are just talking to you to gain information to use against you. Be careful with what you say around others because it may not be understood the way you expected. There are those who are waiting for the opportunity to spread rumors. And, with only a few words your life has been turned into a soap opera.
We need to increasingly live from the fullness of our whole hearts in order to become who we are meant to be and play the significant role that is ours to play. We want to be awake and alert. We want to be women who live their lives on purpose.
Don't go through life with a closed mind. Allow innovations and creativity to flow. We should always challenge ourselves to excel in more ways than one. Be open to ideas or suggestions on how to improve. And, the chances of reaching your goals will increase enormously.
Renewal of the mind is good for the soul because it allows you to be focused and gain understanding of your life choices. It allows you to renew your spirit and become uplifted filled with hope. Take a moment to transform those negative thoughts into something more positive. And, you will discover anything is possible when you believe.
Your perception of a person, place, or thing may not be accurate. Just because it looks good does not mean it is good and vice versa. Always be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to the people, places, and things around you. Don't allow your misperception to put you in an uncomfortable situation
A hero stands up to the villain in themselves.
In all of your living don't forget to live.
I love the gray area between right and wrong.
Life is not meant to be lived on the sidelines or the edge of the pool. It is meant to be embraced, inhaled, and devoured. It is meant to be tasted, chewed and swallowed, savoring each and every experience as if it were the most delicious delicacy ever eaten.
Relationships have their ups and downs, however if the downs outweigh the ups, then its probably time to hit the door
When you need to hold onto something, you should. Whatever gets you through, take it.
Gavin's Law: Live to start. Start to live.
The problem with catching dreams is you forget how truly incredible they are when you live with them everyday.
Live to start your stupid ideas, and start to live a life without regret--a life filled with meaning, freedom, happiness, fun, authenticity, and influence.
Just make sure that the thing you're living for is worth dying for." --Levi
Someday your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching.
You can do what you want. You can fly as far as you want, be as determined as you want, but sooner or later you have to ask yourself, or the person with you, 'will there be everything we have hoped for?' When you realise there's so little hope left, it is like seeing an entire shadow all over the world.
Love is the bee that carries the pollen from one heart to another.
Why does everyone think a guy who prefers love to people is missing something in his life?
I am part of everyone I ever dated on OK Cupid.
We all know that the un-examined life is not worth living (socrates). But if all you are doing is examining, you are not living.
It is worth living long enough to outlast whatever sense of grievance you may acquire.
Can't look at the damage that's been done, it's not healthy. Have to look ahead of it. Can't change what I've done, only what I'm gonna do.
Life....Isn't a roller coaster, it isn't unexpected or surprising. It's not a free ticket to go along for the ride... Simply put, Life is life. Its who you are, what you do that defines you and your life, so choose ... but choose wisely, because life is here to stay...
It was a flight, a kind of fleeing, a kind of falling, falling higher and higher, spinning off the edge of the earth and beyond the sun and through the vast silent vacuum where there were no burdens and where everything weighed exactly nothing.
There is no time frame on living life, only the frame we place about ourselves to hinder our lives from living to its fullest.
You can't become a decent horseman until you fall off and get up again, a good number of times.  There's life in a nutshell.
See the world anew and write down the bones of it.
Stop complaining and start living.
Dream sets us on fire.Dream gives us direction.Dream betters our potential.Dream helps us prioritize.Dream adds value to our work andlife.Dream colors our future.
Once upon a time she had liked to dance. When she had been about the same age as the little brunette out there who kept lifting her dress up over her head. Now that was living. Just lift your dress if you wanted to get down and don't worry what anyone thought.
One life, One story. Make it a fairytale.
Ignore what you don't like. Insist what u need.
If you can see yourself as an artist, and you can see that your life is your own creation, then why not create the most beautiful story for yourself?
We become what we want to be by consistently being what we want to become each day.
The distinction between pretending you are better than you are and beginning to be better in reality is finer than moral sleuth hounds conceive.
As someone who grew up in the Bronx, I certainly learned my share of four-letter words, but none are more powerful than nice.
When One judges another, they unconsciously allow themselves to be judged.
It's tough to get out of one's inherited imbecilic culture, and a thus inherited or endowed lunatic belief system. A freethinker must overcome every deadened system. Especially one's own.
Most people delay an activity because they are waiting for the right moment, for the moment when the situation will be ripe or they will possess the perfect strategy for accomplishing something.in other word...NEVER.
The destination is only fulfilling when the path is your own; find the courage to blaze your own path, your true expression of essence is at stake.
Invest in yourself. You get OUT what you put IN.
Don't sacrifice the good to chase the perfect.
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.
Your trustworthiness quotient depends on your transparency ratio.
Earn your confidence, nurture it, then help to build it in others.
Never ever lower yourself for money.
With each encounter, we leave a part of ourselves
Nourish your reasoning skills my friend, they are the most effective tool you can ever have in the path of progress.
...when we cease asking questions, when we stop being self-critical, and when we no longer engage with others, then we surrender our ability to grow--to progress. Let's begin the conversation.
Expect less and Accept more for peace of mind and healthy relationships!
Success or failure in your work and relationships is dependent on how you manage your feelings.
The purpose of my work is not to educate people, rather it is to enrich human life with self-awareness.
Each day I wake up with a naive perspective of life and universe, and walk towards understanding a little more about the true nature of human perception with all its vivacious nuances and behavioral expressions.
The whole universe wants to contribute toyou. The world wants to contribute to you. The world wants to give you everything you desire-but you don't ask.
Each time you stare at a blank page, you end up staring at yourself.
If the sky was full of stars and you didn't have one, don't be sad, maybe the moon will be yours one day.
There are no insensitive hearts, just hearts that don`t find it profitable anymore to feel.
How is it possible, as you get to know someone better, to realize how good his past is at not letting you find out anything more about him?
Neither wit nor beauty nor riches can conquer misery, only kindness can.
Emotional fog is what a man feels when he begins to answer the questions he has not yet dared to ask himself.
I never realized how intimidating it could be to be authentic
I will walk by myself and cure myself in the sunshine and the wind.
As a child, my clothes were always tailored to be oversized, because I quickly outgrew them and then needed bigger ones. As an adult, I still don't cut my coat according to size
Silence is a beautiful story.
How will I know who I can become if I don't give myself the chance to try new things, to push myself beyond my natural boundaries? Who might I be if I am away from the things that I currently use to define myself?
The dictatorship of hate has by now completely vanquished the democracy of pleasure.
I believe that if you can't agree with how they think, then it's better to learn from their difference.
I was always able to descend the uphills of my life faster than I could ascend its downhills.
It`s not darkness that turns off the lights in your life, it`s your sadness that does it.
Nobody alive today can tell me how much I am worth. I change that everyday.
I found a word, and carefully placed it next to another. Soon I had a bridge and a life, like no other.
I do not wish for anyone's downfall. The world needs successful people. I just think of ways to add more value to myself, and wish that my adversaries would do the same.
As long as you create, you are being created.
I want to become the favorite song of my own uprising. I want to see the most forgotten, unused part of my soul the one which for years I kept closed out of spite, find the courage to go up to my mind and start writing liberation slogans across its highest fences.
Whenever man fights with somebody else he is fighting with his own truth at the same time
No matter how many hours you keep undressing yourself you will never be able to take all your clothes off until you first manage to love your nakedness.
My worth changes with every choice I make and every action I take. I can choose myself to uselessness or to being valuable.
Laziness is when you accede to the misconception that work is unnecessary.
Even over the sound of a thousand voices...I still can hear my own, only after I listened to hers.
Aspire to do anything, start something and stop at nothing.
Read enough books to build your sacred soul.
A soul`s ugliness can be much more ambitious than her beauty.
When one is different, the answers have to come from within.
Some of us see endless darkness and get scared. Some of us see the joyful moon and dancing stars.
It is better to find your own faults and rectify them than to find thousands of faults in others.
Nothing great can be achieved without great love.
What you are looking for is not out there. It is inside of you. You just have to reveal it.
How Learning to Say Goodbye Taught Me How to Live is an excellent book...very transformative and empowering..lot of practical advise for people struggling to overcome any problem in their life
What is their real problem? Is it the fear or is it what they do after feeling it?
A responsible person accepts the results of his choices, attributing blame or praise to himself; that is what makes you happy with the way you turned out.
Shake up your life a bit. Get rid of the cobwebs. Take the road less traveled. Most people live within the confines of their comfort zone. Yogi Raman was the first person to explain to me that the best thing you can do for yourself is regularly move beyond it.
Who can claim to know you more than you know yourself? You have been with yourself all your life, after all.
Go live your dreams. It is your only daring adventure.
Silence, when correctly timed, can speak multitudes of words to a person, without any extra effort on your part.
Be a control freak and people will avoid you. Live and let live, and people will get closer to you and do the same for you.
People might talk, but minding them will not solve your problems. Thinking and then doing solves problems.
Habits are a way of life and often define our lives. Habitually miserable? You'll see misery in most circumstances. Habitually joyful? You'll see joy in most situations. My goal is to choose habits that empower me and break those that wear me down.
Since I got rid of syndicated and indoctrinated media my life is a product of what I seek and not what I am told. I recommend everyone in the age of information to demand more of what they seek rather simply pushing the favorite list on their remote control.
Nonetheless, I know where I'm coming from,I've got an idea on where I'm going,And with the way things are going,I'm just glad to be me.
A gift freely given,I did not ask to be in this state: living.
They say live it how you want toOr else someone else will.This is my life, and I willLive it.
Most are constantly asking for more, but with that comes more responsibility and most aren't willing to or able to handle that. Greatness comes at a cost and requires an investment. If you don't want the work.... you don't want the prize.
When you consciously decide to be in a good mood every morning, you create an atmosphere of joy and peace. Practice mood control daily... it will then become a habit. Don't put the control of your emotions in the hands of others.
Some females are so "pretty", that all they have are their looks. Don't allow your attitude and ego to deduct from your pretty ladies. No matter how cute you think you are... your attitude can make you ugly real quick.
You will create yourself with continuous self-education.
There are so many books to read. What a paradise!
The search for wisdom is like a search for gold.
You must dare to dream.
However, he was happy. He felt he was conquering nature. He laughed aloud. He felt he was stronger than the elements. In this type of weather animals hid in their holes and did not come out. He was out, fighting the elements. He was a man, master of the world.
Take control of your future by taking a choice of starting it right now.
Making it happen, It's just something you gotta do.
You can only see progress when you start doing something, so don't expect anything without your efforts.
With success, if you don't plan and just take each day as it comes, there will come failure.
Sometimes the 'day' you're dreaming for never comes. Take control of your future and start now.
Making an effort is the firm foundation to your success. You are worth the effort.
If you lose one battle, don't give up. Get up again, you have a war to win.
As soon as you start wanting something, then your eyes can see; your mind will be open to identify all the possible ways of obtaining it.
I remember all of it, not because I meditate on it. No. I remember it because with each step I make toward my goals, I am reminded of how they said I couldn't do it. The more I achieve, the more they are proved wrong, in my mind. It's like motivation. Attacks on your dreams are never forgotten because they become your fuel.
Not knowing what to do with your life is a painful thing.
Life is in a constant state of change and by evolving in the present with change - Matthew Donnelly
The boundaries of your abilities are set by no one else but yourself, ultimately, and it is up to you when they will be pushed.
If you are humble enough to admit to your flaws then you are capable of correcting them.
Persistence is key when you want to achieve. You can't afford to quit just because you don't feel good about failure.
The joy of success outweighs whatever negativity you might get from failing a couple of times.
One of the most liberating things a person can do is to admit that he or she is human and is flawed.
What they say doesn't matter because it can be lies, but it's what they do that matters because it always speaks truth.
What I'm starting to realize is that when you conform, people are not accepting you for who you are. They're accepting you for who they think you are.
What I've always insisted on from myself is to do as well as I could, and keep doing better until I'm at least competent. Long ago I learned that to achieve anything, one must start where one stands. Or spend eternity waiting for the right moment. Which never comes.
It's all about how you feel, not how you look
Everybody must be given the opportunity for self liberation and development.
Adversity relieves people of vanity and egotism. It discourages selfishness by proving that no one can succeed without the cooperation of others.
Self discovery is the best investment that you can make.
It is good to know; it is better to do; it is best to be. To be pure and strong, to be honest and earnest, to be kindly and thoughtful, and in all to be true,...
Even the top motivational speakers and inspirational writers are constantly reading books from other self-improvement people, because they truly understand that knowledge has no limit to it.
Men who pride themselves on being shrewd in discovering the weak points, the vanity, the dishonesty, immorality, intrigue, and pettiness of others think they understand character. They know only a part of character. They know only the depths to which some men may sink; they know not the heights to which some men may rise.
If you Don't where you going, look back and see where you have come from
Self-change can only come after self-understanding.
Being afraid does not define your character, but what you do in the face of fear does.
We underestimate the power of our own mind - for both good and bad. If we can learn to control our mindset and our responses to the adverse things in our lives, we can absolutely control our own destiny.
Learn to control the conversation you have with yourself and you will be unstoppable in your pursuits.
We are not defined by the adversities in our lives, we are defined by how we manage them.
Master thyself, seek to know thy soul.
We all must deal with our shadows the best we can. No one can conquer them for us.
When our thoughts, at times, wander into darkness... remember we are human and have been imbued with free will to choose the light.
Discovering passion and purpose requires figuring out what works and what doesn't. Mature, successful people establish their on rules. These rules are measured by only one standard: do they work?
He embraced his weirdness, and it was nice.
Those are who are selfish are rewarded for being nice. Those who truly care about others feel a smile in return is all the reward they need.
Situations and Circumstances do not make us unless we let them. Our thoughts and feelings are the music of our soul.
In life, you get what you believe you deserve.
Regret is good. It proves you have a conscience.
No obstacle is so big that one person with determination can't make a difference.
At the heart of all sales and marketing is the ability to create demand even in the absence of logic.
The real challenge is for each of us to determine where we feel we can make the most impact.
Pivoting is not the end of the disruption process, but the beginning of the next leg of your journey.
Success doesn't teach as many lessons as failure
To be successful, innovation is not just about value creation, but value capture.
No one who ever led a nation got there by following the path of another.
You'll never know how close you are to victory if you give up.
Most startup failures result from entrepreneurs who are better at making excuses than products.
Every threat to the status quo is an opportunity in disguise.
A free and open Internet is a despot's worst enemy.
The best big idea is only going to be as good as its implementation.
Smart entrepreneurs learn that they must fail often and fast.
Our world's future is far more malleable and controllable than most people realize.
The customer is always right...even when they're wrong.
Those that recognize the inevitability of change stand to benefit the most from it.
The joy of disruption comes from accepting that we all live in a temporal state.
Billions of dollars worth of research knowledge lie dormant at American universities waiting for the right disruptor to come along and create a business.
Only a coward will not make the necessary changes in his or her life to make it a better one.
Crowdsourcing is the ultimate disruptor of distribution because in a most Zen-like fashion, the content is controlled by everyone and no one at the same time.
Great things often start out small, and only open minds can perceive their inception.
The power of crowd sourcing always remains with the crowd, not the technological implementation.
Lifelong learning is no longer a luxury but a necessity for employment.
Speed to fail should be every entrepreneur's motto. When you finally find the one idea that can't be killed, go with it.
Your energy is a valuable resource, distribute it wisely.
An average idea enthusiastically embraced will go farther than a genius idea no one gets.
Insight and drive are all the skills you need. Everything else can be hired.
The most important tool you have on a resume is language.
Be the best at what you do or the only one doing it.
Starting each day with a positive mindset is the most important step of your journey to discovering opportunity.
The difference between successful and unsuccessful people is that successful ones know that the most unprofitable thing ever manufactured is an excuse.
If life, you get what you believe you deserve.
A career is just a longer trip with a whole lot more baggage.
You will have more regrets for the things you didn't try than the ones you tried and didn't succeed at.
Building a career or a company is about living a few years of your life like most people won't so that you can spend the rest of your life living at a level most people can't.
You can truly have it all, just not all at the same time.
If you don't know where you want to be in five years, how do you ever expect to get there?
Plan for ways to get more enjoyment into your life and you will get more joy out of it.
Accepting that the odds are against you is the same as accepting defeat before you begin.
Whether driven by ambition or circumstance, every career gets disrupted.
Data has no ego and makes an excellent co-pilot.
Corporate planning cycles are a classic example of generals fighting the last war over again instead of preparing for what might lie ahead.
A disruptor finds opportunity and profit from his misfortunes.
A dream with a deadline is a goal.
A negative mind will never find success. I have never heard a positive idea come from a person in a negative state.
Problems are just businesses waiting for the right entrepreneur to unlock the value.
The most successful people have the same twenty-four hours in a day that you do.
If you can imagine a solution, you can make it happen.
It is not incumbent on the world to conform to your vision of change. It is up to you to explain the future in terms that those living in the past and present can follow.
CEOs will gladly overpay for a company if the acquisition enables them to keep their jobs.
There are two types of people in this world: those whose look for opportunity and those who make it happen.
The business world is littered with the fossils of companies that failed to evolve. Disrupt or be disrupted. There is no middle ground.
You have a choice: pursue your dreams, or be hired by someone else to help them fulfill their dreams.
All businesses -- no matter if they make dog food or software -- don't sell products, they sell solutions.
There is a difference between failing and failure. Failing is trying something that you learn doesn't work. Failure is throwing in the towel and giving up.
There are riches to be found simply by capturing the value released through others' disruptive breakthroughs.
The majority of people are not willing to risk what they have built for the opportunity to have something better.
Would you rather work forty hours a week at a job you hate or eighty hours a week doing work you love?
Disruption isn't about what happens to you, it's about how you respond to what happens to you.
All Disruption starts with introspection.
Disruption causes vast sums of money to flow from existing businesses and business models to new entrants.
Self-disruption is akin to undergoing major surgery, but you are the one holding the scalpel.
Unsolicited advice is usually more about the needs of the giver than the receiver.
adversity is a great tool to self discovery.
Our attitudes are the results of who we believe ourselves to be.
You gotta make it a priority to make your priorities a priority.
You don't feel like your best self when you fall apart, but you have to fall apart to become your best self.
Far too often, when we think we are frightened by mystery, the fact is that we are haunted by history.
Our actions are reflections, not of who we are, but who we think we are.
How do you start you ask? You start by starting.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Only when we are truly lost are we free to choose our own path.
Don't Settle for Mediocrity. Strive for Excellence
Your imagination is the most powerful tool to create a great life.
Failure is not the opposite of success, inaction is.
You can't change the past, you know? You can't change who you were, but you can change who you're going to be.
Create a great future. Be happy NOW.
You change the future by taking control of the present. Know how to use your minutes and hours.
You don't get happiness from success. You get success from happiness.
If your story is not inspiring you, it's time to change it.
The only doors that open are the ones you knock on.
The quality of your communication shapes the quality of your life. Every cell in your being aligns with what you declare.
Always Believe In Yourself.... If You're Down And Broken For A Reason, Rise Up And Focus.... Remember Strong Lightning Only Happens When Two Heavy Clouds Collide & Crack Each Other.... You Are That Lightning Which Is The Product of The Clash Between Your Purpose & Failure....
The bad news is, our past defines us. However, the good news is, our future will someday be a part of that past.
If I knew your thoughts, I would know what you are, for your thoughts make you who you are. By changing our thoughts, we can change our lives.
Don't underestimate the power of humor and the ability to laugh at yourself to deliver peace and serenity.
Thoughts close more doors then they open. This causes limitation. Action opens more doors then it closes. This results in liberation. I suggest spending less time on trying to change thoughts and more time on the action steps you will take to prove your current thoughts wrong. Once you take consistent, habitual action the thoughts change, spontaneously.
A champion always prepares to win.
Faith often comes from patience and remembering that sometimes patience is taking a deep breath and listening to that little voice on the inside saying, 'Don't worry, everything is going to be all right.
Beauty lies not in a flawless complexion, but in the stories that are told by each transitioning line on a woman's face.
Your life is a precious gift from an imaginative loving Source that endlessly breathes life.
If you never leave where you come from, I don't think you'll ever figure out who you are, because how much is forced on you? How much of your personality is imposed instead of created? That's why I left. I think people need to leave in order to find their potential.
Silence embeds thoughts better than speeches. If you are afraid of silence, you are afraid of your thoughts.
Not every minor inconvenience leads to a major catastrophe.
Happiness supports enthusiasm and empowers creativity and initiative.Happiness makes you a better person in your private, family, and work spheres.Happiness keeps you healthy and lets you stick to your plans. Cultivate happiness as the most precious flower in your Garden. - From HAPPY DIVORCE, by Rossana CondoleogardenRossana Condoleo
Divorce = Rebirth: forget the past, replan your life, improve your appearance & REJUVENATE!
Do the things you like to be happier, stronger & more successful. Only so is hard work replaced by dedication.
If we could eliminate the concept of town and return to live in small villages, all world problems were solved.
Be happy NOW. This moment is all you've got
Divorce is the start point for a brand new life. Don't lose the chance to redesign it upon your dreams!
Let your projects be independent organisms. They will develop their own beautiful architecture.
Enjoy your dreams and empower others to live theirs.
Frustration is your belief that things should be different than they are. So, when frustrated, ask yourself 'what should be different?'. In the end, you will find things are the way they are, as a result of your choices. Accept responsibility and start making different choices. Your life will be more peaceful as a result.
One of the most powerful opponents of happiness is indeed fear. Unfortunately, the chains that bind people to their comfortable mediocrity are the same ones that bind their future to an unsuccessful destiny. The courage to dream is the very first step. LISTENING TO YOUR DREAMS is the second!
Doubters don't mean a damn thing. I doubt it'll rain tomorrow, but that doesn't mean I control the rain. What I think has no bearing on what is. The wise ask questions, Perry. The weak doubt.
Under chronic stress, your body is more apt to enter a state of dis-ease. Unable to achieve its natural balance, it can't function the way it should. The ripple effects can be profound. And yet Western medicine has trained us to focus on symptomsrather than root causes like stress. Page 71
Time creates Let time work at your projects.
What about thinking of happiness as a right instead than as a gift?
The only thing between you and success is your thinking. Defeatist thoughts are the mother of inaction.
Life didn't come with a fool-proof manual.
PATH TO SUCCESS: DREAM. PLAN. DO. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. ACHIEVE! IT'S A MESSY JOURNEY.
The future belongs to the competent. It belongs to those who are very, very good at what they do. It does not belong to the well-meaning.
Sometimes our Biggest Nightmare turns out to be our Biggest Gift. And it all comes down to our attitude. Life will throw us curve balls and disappointments, even heartbreak. But ultimately we can choose if we're going to be Bitter or Better for the experience.
Make your problems becomeopportunities instead ofobstacles.
Although life is filled with twists and turns, only you have the ability to make positive changes to your life. You can do it. One day at a time! ~ Taken from "Words of Wisdom for Warriors" by EM.EM.Genesis
The best jury of your peers that you'll ever find is.well, you. Only you know what you're capable of and what you want to be.
Each of us is the best we can be when we are fully present, focused yet relaxed, curious yet non-judgmental, committed yet flexible.
You cannot do what's important now for you if your mind cannot accept what is happening in this present moment.
If you cannot do great things in life, make sure you do the small things in a great way.
When you are authentic without an intent to harm others, you give yourself an awesome feeling which is the feeling of self-love.
If you want to understand yourself,Then do not examine yourself.Just love yourself more sincerely,More soulfullyAnd more self-givingly.
There is one undeniable truth about our body: it only exists in the present moment.
We cannot let go of the past enough to live in the present unless we are able to grieve our losses. We must deeply feel our emotional pain in order to accept that what is happening is not what we wanted. pg 155
Defeat is only a word. Defeat was the beginning of a victory.
In order to live in the present, we have to learn how to feel safe even when a situation feels threatening to us.
The Paradox of Change: People can only change when they feel accepted as they are now. Dr. Arnold Beisser Pg 220
Obstacles are opportunities turned upside down...or prisons self-imposed.
...as long as you are motivated by the approval of others, you cannot know with confidence whether the decisions you are making in your life are what's right for you... pg 102
NOTHING goes exactly as planned.Make your OWN destiny
The past has been there all along, reminding us: This time--maybe, hopefully, against all odds, we will get it right.
Listen to the advice of your own Destiny! All is a given!
Our destinies depend on the choices we make. Be it wise or stupid.
Greater Thoughts Reveal Greater Destiny !
Mind Your Qi, Activate Your Luck!
No one is sent by accident to anyone.
Fate bring two people together and it is love's job to keep them there
I was convinced that I would be, that I was already, one in a million.
We are individually responsible for our own happiness and destiny
Life is like the wind on the ocean; if it is against you, it doesn't really matter what direction it comes from or what direction it blows. It also doesn't matter what you do or fail to do. So you are better off doing whatever you want.
I have converted the machinery of my fate into the servant of my will.
Living your grandest dream will require you to be your grandest you.
Our thoughts define our destiny.
Public opinion only affects those who do not know their destiny.
Is it not beautiful to discover a new path to your destiny and decorate it with the beauty of your imagination?
Let each person decide his or her fate.
Destiny is usually around the corner. Like a thief, like a hooker, or a lottery vendor: its three most common personifications. But what destiny does not do is home visits. You have to go for it
If you don't' know what you want, others will give you what they want.
You can make a difference, wherever you are. It begins with a decision and defined purpose.
A man begins to exist with a divine mission.
You are your own travel light.
Prayer is a spiritual act.
Be the great person you ought to be.
Life is a great adventure.
There is no need for comparison. Be happy with yourself and find satisfaction in your work.
Every travel is a blessed adventure.
Your destiny is shaped in your moments of decision.
Life will only have a meaning once you've achieved to find your true passion and love within the limitless boundaries of destiny
The obstacles were intended to be a distraction from the goal.You must keep a persistence focus to realise the goal.
This was all in the making, a long time ago. You had as much control over these events as a leaf does in the time of its falling.
In the world you live in, one day you will be gone but you must fulfill your mission before departure.
Focus on your destination but enjoy every sacred moments of the journey
We are always people that are in the making, constantly adapting to accommodate the roads we walk. As we learn, it changes us. As we go about our course, we grow, and prune everything around us; friends, beliefs, desires. Our past experiences plant the seeds needed for our future roads, with all its turns, speed, and treachery.
Go realize your dreams.
In race of life, you have to run at own speed.
Names are powerful and are prophecies of the future. The name you are called is a sign of what you are and what you would become.
Stop believing the false hope that "if it's meant to be it will happen. If that were true, everyone would be content, wealthy, fit and have great relationships. You must plan, act, persevere, make better choices, know your value and never, ever accept less than you truly deserve. It's not up to chance, it's up to you.
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime.
Find the right paths for your journey. Travel along these paths to your final destination.
Don't name our stupidity, ignorance, stupid rules and lack of skills DESTINY!
This whole beautiful world will end for you the day you die, then why to bother for others, stay selfish stay happy.
I have no other destiny than the destiny of humanity.
That's just the way it goes when you're going to meet your destiny. Something comes over you and it keeps your heart so stirred that nothing seems impossible. Well, except for sleep, or taking your mind off of the future." -Kearney
The act if living one's own destiny includes a series of stages that are far beyond our understanding, whose objective is always to... make us learn the lessons necessary to fulfill our own destiny.
Luck comes and goes; you have to seize it. Bad luck comes and goes; it must be overcome. But I will never, never sit at the side of the road showing my wounds and shouting, 'It's destiny'!
Everyone has their own path, everyone has a destiny. Your's just happens to be a little bigger than everyone else's.
Fathom the destiny that, does not just lay before you - but, awaits you.
You did not come to this world for an experiment but for an assignment written on the palm of your hand. Discover yours !
...once you express your will, the Universe will conspire with each and every atom to help you reach your destiny.
Seek Truth, for it is your destiny!
To reach greater heights, we must refuse the negative opinions of people and passionately pursue your destiny.
There is no chance, no fate, no destiny that can circumvent, or hinder, or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Sweep my dreams not beneath my feet. Be somewhere that my steps won't meet. Breaking the broom isn't a must. Don't mistake unmoved dreams for dust
The willingness to challenge hardships taps the power within human beings to transform even a place of tragedy into a stage for fulfilling one's mission.
Any creature, even one as unassuming as a fish, can become something mighty. When they courageously endure their trials, they meet their destiny.
Life is what happen when you wake up to its reality
We are pushed towards eternal silence from the moment we are born. So when sadness tries to stifle us, we must not give in. We must keep whispering.
Your story may not have such a happy beginning, but that doesn't make you who you are. It is the rest of your story, who you choose to be.-Soothsayer
Now that you're here, now that they know you exist, you'll never be free again. Ever. We're prisoners to our books, our fates planned long before we were born. You're no different than us. Fight your fate all you want, but deep down you know it's true.
Dreams are like stars. you may never touch them, but if you follow them, they will lead you to your destiny.
The future is not what you will live tomorrow but the future is what you live today so that tomorrow you can be able to look at today and say I have lived.
It takes your knowing to decide on your going. If you know where you are going, you will keep going because you have already seen yourself gone
In you is a formidable force that can bring the desired change you want in the world. Stop waiting for the perfect time, go to work now!
Whatever it is I'm born to do, my fear of failing at it has almost become greater than my desire to figure out what it is.
He laid the foundation of a universal government. His law was one for all. Equal justice and love for everyone.
The destination of the journey could not be altered, only the manner in which one approached it - whether one chose to walk erect or to be dragged complaining through the dust.
Failing to meet your true destiny is a tragic act of free will.
My will shall shape the future. Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force. I can clear any obstacle before me or I can be lost in the maze. My choice, my responsibility. Win or lose, only I hold the key to my destiny.
Drea, believe and follow your heart, Remember that the choices you made will lead you to your destiny.
And so our mothers and grandmothers have, more often than not anonymously, handed on the creative spark, the seed of the flower they themselves never hoped to see - or like a sealed letter they could not plainly read. 
You can have anything you want so long as you realise that you can't have everything you want.
Creative people, especially those who are just starting out, feel that they have to conform and be a mass-produced product in order to be noticed. The truth of the matter is that genuineness and unconventionality is often what helps make a mark on the world.
There is no doubt that creativity is the most important human resource of all. Without creativity, there would be no progress, and we would be forever repeating the same patterns.
You cannot simply tap your creative nature once and then expect to be done with it. It is a lifelong process: a continual commitment to being open to possibility, trusting your instincts, experimenting, taking risks, and revising.
To ask how I feel about writing is to ask how I feel about breathing.
No matter what your circumstance, if you provide kids with creative ammunition, they will blast holes into an oppressive reality, and conceive limitless worlds.
A person willing to fly in the face of reason, authority, and common sense must be a person of considerable self-assurance. Since he occurs only rarely, he must seem eccentric (in at least that respect) to the rest of us. A person eccentric in one respect is often eccentric in others.
It was one dev, naked in a room with a carton of cigarettes, a thermos full of coffee and bourbon, and all his summoned angels.
This is not a how-to book.It is a how-to-think-about-how-to book.In it I bombard you with images and metaphors with never a photograph or diagram in sight. Your mind's eye will create all the images in this text, and each mind is unique. Getting these, and other images, down on paper will provide you with fun, frustration, joy and despair. Like life,
Without writers, stories would not be written,Without actors, stories could not be brought to life.
You can understand conflict, but you don'thave to live in it.
Intuition is seeing the solution.....its emotion and intellect going together.
Beautify your inner dialogue and it'll open the doorway to creativity
Becoming me was the greatest creative project of my life.
The true ENTREPRENEUR is a risk taker, not an excuse maker.
Creativity is salve for the soul
Creativity is a clashing of opposites.
As artists, we are constantly becoming.
When people say writers spend a lot of time staring, rather than writing, do not be fooled. A writer does not blankly stare. Instead, she sees everything before her. Millions of plotting paths, endless words to choose from, and every possible outcome. Writers see their world as it is, as it could be; as it will be. And in the end make it as it should be.
Innovation is simply a holistic approach to exploring extra ordinary work to birthing products or services. Innovation is the magic!
I've been firmly grounded in reality since I was a child, and I'm still waiting for it to impress me.
Point your fire like a flower.
When creativity is running rampant, it is imperative that we get carried away by it never knowing what we will create or whom we will inspire!
I'll be blasted', he said, 'if I ever write another word, or try to write another word, to please Nick Greene or the Muse. Bad, good, or indifferent, I'll write, from this day forward, to please myself
The ecstasy of love is a paradise.
Neither compares nor competes. Be creative.
Explore the power of a beautiful wonder.
The spark of wondering is the start of writing.
There's so much to write. Where should I start?I texted my old Jiko this question, and she wrote me back this:'You should start where you are
Begin to think.
Creativity is magic in the making.
Creativity is divine.
A writer seizes every opportunity to wonder.
We are all walking repositories of hidden treasures.
And when things get tough, this is what you should do.Make good art.
Innovation is the heart of humanity.
Creativity is the art and science of expressing inner beauty.
Be creative.
He was surrounded by love, and he used that power to create.
If you don't follow through on your creative ideas, someone else will pick them up and use them. When you get an idea of this sort, you should jump in with both feet, not just stick your toe in the water. Be daring, be fearless, and don't be afraid that somebody is going to criticize you or laugh at you. If your ego is not involved no-one can hurt you.
We are all just beginners here, and we shall all die beginners.
We want to bring light into media, we always keep that into mind... the message of love and goodness that still exists in the world...
Dreams are fuel for creation.
To flourish in any field of activity you need to gain a deep understanding of it.
Great things often come from actions and decisions taken by others, that are deemed wild, stupid or unreasonable at the time, but later prove to be very useful.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use the more you have.
The future is a direction, not a destination.
The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings."--(psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi on the state of being he calls "flow")
Nobody is born with a style or a voice. We don't out of the womb knowing who we are. In the beginning, we learn by pretending to be our heroes. We learn by copying.
The whole world is like an opened candy jar, and we're plunging in for the best treats
Creativity is a basic biological drive to engage in meaningful conversations with ourselves & the world around us.
My heart balloons with admiration for these talented artists, which I so desperately want to be
Live, Breathe, Connect, Create!
Art is the essence of life in creative form. If you want to compete, run a damn race. If you truly want to create essence, you need to leave competition out of it. 2014
Language is the alchemy of transforming a thought into a word, and the word into a new reality.
Creativity isn't meant to introduce complexity it is expected to add simplicity.
Living a life full of wonder provides for a wonderful life.
What good is having an imagination if you don't use it?
When you being to awaken to your gifts, a first it can be alarming for the soul to reveal its truth. After some consideration and healthy boundaries the soul mellows and the action and revelation begins. Hold onto your seat, you are in for a wonderful wild ride.
Wake up, it's your time to shine. You are the gift the world is waiting for. Stop being so selfish by hiding it. How much longer do we have to wait for your magnificence to shine light on our darkness?
Everybody starts small. We all begin life as a single cell. Every business starts as one person with an idea. How fast you go, how far you get, is in your hands. The bigger your vision, the bigger your achievement will be. Will you stumble on the way? Perhaps, but we cannot let fear keep us small. We have to be brave to be big.
We may not live for hundreds of years, but the products of our creativity can leave a legacy long after we are gone.
Doing better is creativity,doing faster is creativity,doing smarter is creativity,doing right is creativity.doing Exclusive is creating identity.
Creativity should be integral to everything that we do. Creativity should also be intrinsic to our personality, if excellence is what we seek.
Your only limitation is the limits of your imagination so dream big.
Prove to the world that you are alive, let your words breathe life into the nostrils of the universe.
I am pushing you, even if it's off a cliff, to create. Write that book, that song; pore over the concept of redecorating your life. I meet people all the time who say they're not creative. Bullshit, motherfuckers, you are creative.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true really is true, then there would be little hope for advance.
You are responsible for everything you post and everything you post will be a reflection of you. [Social Media]
The Hands create, what the Heart feels!
When there is silence, Give your voice. When there is darkness, Shine your light. When there is desperation, Offer hope.
Slow down. Calm down. Don't worry. Don't hurry. Trust the process.
Hurry up! Do it - get it done. You got work to do. Don't put this off and don't take the long view. Life is today and tomorrow, and if you are lucky, may be next week.
Don't be dismayed by the opinions of editors, or critics. They are only the traffic cops of the arts.
Discovering Distilled Creativity"Amazing how sitting down to listen with no distractions - no tv, no devices, no radio - can enhance your life; the sigh of the wind the only ambient noise. Then, in that still moment, your distilled creativity comes because you feel so connected to the Universe.
During my 20's and 30's at some point I started to think, I have to give it up and I have to grow up. But the truth is that I can never give it up and that's another thing that I always tell people, especially young people: don't even bother thinking that you're going to give up whatever your art or your creative thing is. It's always there for you.
Do not fear mistakes, there are none.
Without creativity you are nothing.
People ask me how to start writing. I tell them that 'Creating Creates Creativity'. Put your notes and outline aside. Start with one anecdote or conversation, and that will lead to another and another. It's the steps, the path, not the final destination that drives the process or writing.
Inspiration is the seed of imagination, where great ideas bloom
There are no rules to creativity.
Creativity is in the heart of the dreamer.
Think of your passions as you do food, water, shelter...a necessity. If someone told you to give them up, would you listen?
Gratitude is a way of creativity.
Good" now is better than "Best" never.
One of the most connective things we can do for ourselves, is to become world travelers of our own internal landscapes. What i love about creating art, is the excitement of turning that landscape inside out for all to see. And the kind of courage that takes, when i don't know what the outcome will be...
You have to nourish your creativity for it to flourish...
I am no longer scared to close my eyes and to imagine.
An idea is like a spark to creativity, which turns to a wild conflagration of thoughts, burning every ignorance. When the fire burns, the creative power is awake, and comes out to join the ideas in your head to bring out the hidden valuables the world never knew
Magic is not just for the entertainment, but to inspire people to be creative enough with their lives.
Creation, in all its forms, is where I find beauty. If I could travel as far outward as I have inward, I would know with the utmost conviction that distance does not exist.
Remember that your fans are your lifeblood. See that you know who they are, and give them a reason to follow you. Be sure to thank them, often, for caring enough to support you. They're responsible for your success just as much as you are.
Entrepreneurship is when an individual retrieves a red hot idea from the creativity furnace without the constraint of the heat of lean resources, and with each persistent blow of the innovation hammer shapes the still malleable idea against the anvil of passion, vision, insight, strategy, and principles to forge a fitting vessel of a creative concern.
Unnecessary bureaucracy hinders creativity, growth, justice and the attainment of peace.
While friends are there to motivate us and keep us pleased. Our enemies are there to annoy us, which makes us work harder to beat them.
This story inspires me to contribute with something unique and exciting for my time.
There really is power in numbers. In today's society one has to understand the true power of word of mouth. It's true that the new tastemakers are us.
Stories of absurd events in life get my creative juices flowing and have so far given birth to some of my best ideas.
My life isn't good or bad. It's an incredible series of emotional and mental extremes, with beautiful thunderstorms and stunning sunrises.Some would say this is my artistic temperament. Others would say i am mentally ill or bipolar. I SAY... it's a bit of both and i make the most of them, CREATIVELY.
People talk-- they sneer at escapism. Well, there are those of us who need it.
Imagination is our inner-child and creativity, its playground.
Art gives those unexpressed parts of ourselves permission to be felt and spoken.
Sanity is transmuting all the insane parts of your brain into a creative outlet.
Nestled in the valley of darkness, in the deepest depths of depression, are the priceless gems of; creativity, intuition and sensitivity. The trick is learning how to navigate the dark, so these precious gems can be unearthed and their beauty beheld.
My art is largely made up of my pain; re-framed, redesigned and re-purposed. It's a mutually beneficial experience for both the creator and the beholder. Transformative healing is a beautiful process.
Art invites us to become explorers and excavators of our vast internal landscapes, discovering new terrain and digging deep into the past to unearth forgotten experiences and emotion.
Writing keeps death at bay. Every book I write is a triumph over death. ... If we did not know we'd die, we'd wander around and sleep like cats.
It's ever so important to believe in what you do, trust your ability to create and show yourself worthy. Never sell yourself short.
Building positive customer experiences will help create passionate customers who will spread your message on their behalf - almost like an evangelist.
As an observer of human nature, let's just face the facts: stupid stuff sells, and often the more stupid and silly it is, the better it sells.
What we at first deem useless might end up being the next bestseller. It can be the product's novelty, fun factor or sheer stupidity. Whatever the case, just remember there's always room on the market for an original business idea.
Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you cintribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.
Boredom is a lack of crazy. Its a lack of creativity. Invention. Innovation. If you're bored, blame yourself.
Work as if there's no one to help you, and learn as if everybody is with you.
Ingenuity requires creativity.
Sometimes broken hearts are needed, that way you will appreciate the one that handles it with care.
I am a creator, writing like the wind, I carry the weight of a future world in the barrel of a pen, etching my characters into the paper with life giving ink so my dreams and reality might finally meet.
Rule of thumb: The more important a call or action is to our soul's evolution, the Resistance we will feel toward pursuing it.
Tomorrow is no hazardous affair, a day like any other day: tomorrow is the result of many yesterdays and comes with a potent, cumulative effect. I am tomorrow what I chose to be yesterday and the day before. It is not possible that tomorrow I may negate and nullify everything that led me to this present moment.
Life is a cracked surface at best. Fiction is a nice edifice. / every word/sentence/paragraph gives a writer an opportunity to reinforce or deliberately crack the edifice by screwing with meaning, structure, grammar, the fourth wall, etc. / different types and degrees of cracking produce different arrangements of order and chaos.
Try your ideas. You might surprise yourself.
When people sleep, others stay awake to effect changes in the world. Every other person wakes up in the morning to a totally different world
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
Fear and self-doubt are the deadly enemies of creativity. Don't invite either into your mind.
Purpose stirs creativity, without purpose you life will be in abnormal use(abuse).
Creativity is contagious. Pass it on.
A bull market is very much like being in love. You don't realise its value till it's gone.
Every success stories will have an inspiring tale of failures.
For everyone, success matters more than anything else. Whether you are a good guy or not, no one really cares. All they really care about is how successful you are.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it.
I Love the Smell of Success in the Shadows of Failure
There are oceans of things to discover, to explore, to learn, to invent, to create in this world; especially with its modern possibilities offered. So, I don't understand when people complain they're bored and have nothing to do.
When reality is better than your dreams, stay awake.
Roads to SUCCESS are always under construction. You are work in progress. Keep growing and keep living.
What would you choose if you knew you couldn't fail?
I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It's because of them I'm doing it myself.
If you don't build your dreams, regret will build your nightmares.
Use the dirt life throws at you to plant the seeds of your success.
Your thoughts define the boundaries of your life. Think big.
Even the best writer has to erase sometimes,even the best orator can stammer sometimes,even the most successful man can experience failures,and even the greatest man may face the adversaries in life with cowardice...
Be you. It's life's best offer to others.
Information is key, being informed is success.
The best the world has to offer comes from the best you have to give to others.
Soul power supersedes mind power.
Choose to put yourself first and make you a priority. It's not selfish, it's necessary.
Today's tears sweep the road to tomorrow's blessings.
I didn't ask for average and i won't settle for it
Higher thoughts lead to a higher life.
Small steps add up to complete big journeys.
Leaving 'things' up to chance is the lazy man's mantra. The successful man takes action every day, until his purpose is fulfilled.-Daliah Husu-
Today's caterpillars are tomorrow's butterflies.
Small caterpillars still become big butterflies.
The best time to seek a favour is when you can give something in return. The best time to expect to succeed is when you're capable of working for it.
What you conquer within you conquer without.
I have been where you are now. I have felt the fears and resolved them. I have had the doubts and concerns and found the way forward.Lift up your head, and step ahead...
Your deepest valleys lead you to your highest mountaintops.
A closed door really is an open door in disguise.
Staying true to who you are is essential to anyone's success.
You don't have to be successful on a grand scale like winning a talent competition or writing a New York Times bestseller - if you have enough small things that you can be successful at then eventually they outshine all your failures.
I would rather be known as someone who tried and failed, than someone who never tried at all.
Confidence comes from within. You teach people how to perceive you, by your own example of how you perceive yourself. If you believe in yourself that confidence shines through and others will believe in you too.
When its no longer just about you and the sake of succeeding just to succeed, you will see miracles happen!
To quit is to fail - as long as you are still in the game you are succeeding!
Secret of success is found in your regular actions
Don't let other people's limitations limit you. Go for what you really want ... You just might get it!
You benefit at a different time, from when you planted seeds for success. Learn patience. But be persistent. It's important for success. Use perseverance and dedicate yourself to your top goals.
Ask yourself at least once a week: "Am I on the right track to achieve my goals at this time? Am I doing the right things that I need to be doing?
Never stop growing in life. The world's tallest redwood trees were once little nuts, that kept on growing, regardless of weather, trials and tribulations.
You are the sculptor of your success. Chisel and carve yourself into excellence.
Imagine and see yourself at your best. Change yourself with hard work, to become the excellent person you want to be.
Excellence is a high quality, that delivers success and achievement.
Success can be compared to a camera. Always focus closely on your objective. Ignore distractions. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, take more shots for success. Visualize clearly what you want. Make success happen by being persistent.
Be self-responsible. Be less dependent on other people. Aim at being the most responsible person you can be. Read about great, successful leaders. Learn to think great thoughts and work to be an excellent person.
You tend to become like that, what you like and respect. Write down your goals and take action to make them happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Devote yourself to making your life blossom for success.
Excellence is the target of champions and winners.
You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into the masterpiece of excellence you want.
Climb the ladder of success, by always putting forward your best self. Practice being the best at what you do.
Climb the ladder of success, by always presenting your best self. Practice being exceptional at what you do.
Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better!
Today did take the time to say: "I believe in myself," at least 20 times today? You can never say it too much.
If you want to be excellent at something, you must move away from your comfort zone, overcome doubt, setbacks and failure. Never give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. One day, success will be yours.
Find mentors to help you out. Always be on the lookout for friendly allies, willing to help and support you. Be willing to help others out too, when asked. What goes around, comes around.
Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Have high standards and work to be exceptional. Develop yourself from practice to be a winner at what you do.
Occasionally during the day, ask yourself: "How am I doing today and what can I do to do a better job?
Daily ask yourself: "Considering what I'm doing now, what would be a better, superior choice for me to do, to advance my plans for success?
Aim and hit the target of excellence, with constant practice. Make success happen, by working to be the best at what you do.
Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you will grow big at what you want for success.
Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you grow big at what you want for success.
Visualize yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself into an excellent person, with constant practice and perseverance. Enjoy and relish the process.
Working to be outstanding at what you do, raises your confidence and improves your reputation. As you work to become top notch, you gain higher attention and visibility.
You build a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned. Be the best. Raise yourself to excellence, by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
Self-improvement and practice are the golden tools for earning the award of excellence.
Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better for success!
Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication into excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy doing the process.
Start dream building. Bring your goals into the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with dedication and work to achieve excellence.
On the canvas of life, you are the creative painter of your success. Paint your life into a wonderful masterpiece of excellence.
Now is your time. Make excellence your goal. Let success be your destiny.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will grow at what you want for top success.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for top success and achievement.
It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make self-improvement for success your first objective.
If you want to be excellent at something, it involves moving away from your comfort zone, overcoming doubt, setbacks and failure. Don't give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. Success and winning will be yours.
Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional.
Believe in yourself. Know you have what it takes, to make excellence a good habit. Focus on doing excellent work and use discipline to make it happen.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself and work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Constant self-growth over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for great success and achievement.
Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional. Get going now and push yourself to create the reality.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and commitment as the two powerful forces they are. By being persistent, over time you will earn gleaming success.
You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Be inspired. Believe in yourself. Practice at becoming an excellent person at what you want. Rome wasn't built in a day, so have patience, as you build your life with success and boldness.
You tend to become like that, what you want most. It is up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work hard. Dedicate yourself to full success.
You get a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is also earned, too. Raise yourself to excellence by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
All things are possible to those who believe in themselves. Live a life without limits. Believe in yourself. Break through the ceiling of limitation. Develop high confidence and connect yourself to total success.
Transform your dreams into reality. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars. You can do it.
Working to become excellent at what you want, raises your confidence, charisma and develops courage. As you work to become top notch, it also gives you a great reputation at what you do.
Determination + Persistence = Success
Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Develop yourself from practice, to become exceptional. Raise your standards and be the best.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and make it reality by working hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the real world, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for personal success.
Start dream building. Create your goals in the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with inspiration and work to achieve excellence for success.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By using these ideas, over time they will reward you with sparkling success.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By also being devoted and persistent, over time it will reward you with sparkling success.
Everything big, once started little. Discipline yourself and work to become an excellent person at what you want. Stretch yourself daily and go a little further than yesterday. Growth is the key to winning success.
Improve yourself. Raise your attitude up to excellence for success. Get going now and create the reality.
You tend to become like that, what you want most. Its up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Dedicate yourself and make your life happen with determination.
Bring your dreams into reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and work with ambition for total success. Aim high and make it happen.
You get a: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned too. Raise yourself to excellence.
You tend to become like that, what you want most. Its up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Dedicate yourself and make a successful life happen.
Aim high to achieve excellence. Be determined to succeed. Use self-discipline to achieve golden excellence.
You are the author of your success. Every day, you write another page to the chapter of success for you life. Practice at becoming an excellent person, at what you want to be best at.
You tend to become that, what you want most. Expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen.
Become the master of your life. Be dedicated to becoming excellent at what you want. Persistence leads to achievement.
Bring your dreams to reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself for success. Shoot for the stars and make it happen.
Bring your dreams to reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes, to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars and make it happen.
Be self-responsible. Avoid dependency on other people. Aim at being the most successful person you can be. Read about great, successful people. Learn to think great thoughts and work to become an excellent person.
Becoming excellent at want, helps raises your confidence and develops your courage. Most of all, it can give you a grand reputation.
What you do defines who your are. Remember to be the best at what you do. You develop higher confidence from doing what you do excellently.
It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make success your chosen target.
In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to-yourself project, why not choose to believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to happen to you? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do it, write your goals, work hard and expect miracles for the best of success.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and create reality by working to make it happen. Transform your dreams to the material world by writing your goals, taking action and by being determined to make them happen.
Develop yourself from practice to become exceptional. Aim to be the blue ribbon best.
Make success happen by striving and working to be the best. Aim at excellence and hit the target.
Success is like a camera. Just focus and concentrate on the objective. See what is your most important goal image for success, and ignore distracting details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, keep at it. Take more shots and be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen. Use perseverance.
Success is like a camera. Focus and concentrate on the objective. See your most important goal image for success, and ignore distracting details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, keep at it. Take more shots and be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen. Visualize optimum success and use perseverance.
Fantasize and start dream building. Bring your dreams into material reality. See yourself at your best. Transform yourself with dedication and work for excellence.
You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into a masterpiece of excellence over a lifetime.
You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Everyday you live, you write another page of success for your life. Practice at becoming an excellent person step-by-step, at what you want. Rome wasn't build in day, so have patience as you build your life of confidence and success.
Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with hard work to become excellent.
Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the title of being excellent. From working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its badge of honor.
You are a painter of success. Paint your life into a masterpiece of excellence.
Three golden keys that unlock the door to excellence are determination, hard work and practice.
Now is the right time for you to become excellent. By taking action on your dreams of excellence, you start polishing the rough diamond you are. As you buff and shine yourself with practice, sparkling success becomes yours.
Start dream building. See yourself at you best. Transform yourself with determination.
Excellence is the rocket that carries you to the stratosphere of success.
Practice is the golden bullet for hitting the target of excellence.
Excellence is always the target of champions.
The world's biggest tree, the redwood tree was once a little nut that just kept growing regardless of weather.
On life's stage for your real life play, always choose the best, most excellent actors for top success.
Excellence begins in the mind. Discipline yourself to be an excellent person at what you want. Everything big, once started little.
Excellence is a high quality, that delivers the gold nugget of success.
When you step up to success, use hard work and excellence as your rocket for winning and achievement.
Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the proud badge of excellence. By working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its golden title.
Never stop growing. The world's tallest redwood trees were all once little nuts, that kept growing regardless of weather, trials or tribulations.
We are all heroes of our little worlds
You should never consider finished a war you did not win
Learn how they failed and succeeded, then fail on and succeed
Give the world what it wants and it will give you what you want
Visionaries will always meet opposition from weak minds but the seeds
Visionaries will always meet opposition from weak minds but the seeds they plant always save the world
If you are unhappy about something change it.Choose what you want in life, create your plan to get it, put your plan into action and follow through with persistence.
Everyone is a business person. You must be in the business of managing your time. Managing your time means managing your life. Good time managers are good life managers, and vice versa.
Serious businesses and lenders will tell you that managing your cash flow is one of the most important aspects in the health of any business. Managing you time flow is key to a healthy and successful life, because, Time is equal to Life. The quality of time expenditure is in direct proportion to the quality of life enjoyed.
It must start by knowing Time = Life. Spending your life on impulse will lead to a broke life, just like impulse buying leads to an empty wallet! How much value you place on your time reflects in the activities that consume your time.
The reward for goal-setting is that as you achieve each goal, you feel in charge of your own destiny, with every moment taken up productively. Self-esteem increases and it becomes easier to remain motivated. So set those high goals and make clear plans for their execution.
Stop judging yourself on the basis of your appearance or condition of present circumstances. You may have an old car, in debt, job stress, and a troubled relationship, but they are not a true reflection of you as long as you are working on the vision of what you will be years from now.
Concentrate on your strengths and talents to change your situation, and avoid those pity-parties. Absorbing the blows and present pain is a quality of greatness. Measure yourself against the goals and standards you have set for yourself, rather than comparing yourself to others and feeling discouraged or useless.
You make the plans - otherwise you will die thinking it is not possible to plan to have time for work, for exercise, for sleep, for relaxation, for recreation, for eating, for entertainment, for love, for family, for spirituality, for friends, for personal reflection, for personal development, for business, for charity all in one life!
There must be a season for everything that measures what success means to you, there must be a deliberately scheduled time slot for the things that are important to you. Wishing is not enough, deliberate plans followed by deliberate actions make it possible.
Not planning for your time expenditure simply means deliberately intending to fail.
Consistently turning up for meetings late, is a statement saying you have no respect for the person you are meeting or for the purpose of the meeting, or both. You are sending a clear message that this person or the reason for your meeting is not important to you.
Everything you love, enjoy, respect or value will somehow find top priority, even without excessive conscious reminders. Show respect through the way you manage time, especially when others are involved or affected.
Some people choose to lead, others to follow. Success is not primarily a matter of circumstances or native talent or even intelligence - it is a choice. Your beliefs, passion, values, enthusiasm, relationships, interpersonal skills and how they are blended, will move you further ahead towards success.
Without clarity and motivation, your vision will remain a wish in dream-land. It takes an action-centred and results-driven work ethic to execute your duties and responsibilities, to make your success more deliberate.
A mission without action is equally ineffective and futile as action without mission. Use the power of precision, and remember language shapes thought and thought shapes action.
The setting of SMART goals has been written about extensively over the decades, but will only be as useful as the extent to which its principles are used.
You cannot offer quality experiences as an isolated island. Learn to work well with others on the success train. Respect those you work with and appreciate their contribution in making you the best at what you do.
Your life is connected to other key support structures that you must never neglect, including family, fans, supporters, affiliations, professional associations, religious membership and others. Your membership to such groupings must add value to others whilst you equally get the benefit they are supposed to provide their members.
No matter how great you are at what you do, as long as you remain known only within your own family circles, then you and your talent will die in obscurity and irrelevance. Position yourself to influence the masses by having a media, marketing and communication strategy.
The key questions and challenges that we must all continue to pose and remind this key sector (the media) should be, 'Do you realize the power you have, to build and to destroy; to promote success or failure; to bring life or death to a cause or talent; to give a platform or take it away?
If you are going to grow in personal effectiveness, you must become an excellent communicator. Achieving your goals and fulfilling your mission calls for communication excellence verbally, vocally and non-verbally. As you grow in this regard, you make forward strides towards significance - the capacity to make contributions that count and matter.
People and organisations should want to be associated with you as a brand. A sign of a depleted and irrelevant brand is unwillingness of your market or peers to associate with you.
If you can listen to yourself and obey yourself more, then you have increased your chances for attaining personal effectiveness.
Why do people seek one and not the other? It is the majorities that are led and they normally follow those who can help them meet their ever-present and growing needs. Question is, do you possess the kind of solutions they want? Are you well positioned to reach them or to be reachable by those who can benefit from your solution to their challenges?
To achieve your desired success you have to be effectively selling something and to be significant in impact, you must be teaching somehow. How effectively are you selling and how well are you teaching?
The world is always throwing challenges and questions - which ones does your mission and purpose respond to or seek to solve? Do you know your mission and have you clearly defined the life-issues you intend to address?
Selling and teaching demand that you develop your intrapersonal and interpersonal communication skills. You must be able to communicate with yourself as well as with others in a way that makes them buy your offering or benefit from the knowledge you want to impart.
Who are you' is a question of both substance and position. In other words, what is the authority of your voice, service, product or performance in relation to the needs of those you intend to serve? Secondly, have you defined and demystified yourself enough to be accepted as the solution of choice?
At times the challenges will displace us or some of the things that are important to us. If we strengthen our belief system from within - those challenges must inevitably begin to float away and not take root or force us to sink.
You feed the requisite substance through personal development efforts and position yourself strategically to allow the forces around you to create the path for your relevance and significance. You are not lifted by air, but by the substance inside you hitting the springboard of opportunity.
Even if you bury me underground and put a concrete slab over the hole - one day you will wake up to find a crack in the concrete with a tiny green sprout shooting through. When you see that shoot - that will be me!
Skills and special abilities will only grow if you practice more. You become a star-performer by doing. Let performance and production of desired results become a consistent habit associated with your personal brand.
After you acquire knowledge and skill, aim to be a practitioner. Time for practice on the job or in life will still test your authenticity. Knowledge is one of the greatest sources of confidence, and you will need that confidence to do your work and demonstrate you know what you have been trained for.
You cannot bury someone with the Shereketa spirit for long. Even if they are thrown into problems, they will rise back up.
Make sure your reading, studying or research are always adding value to the defined vision, mission, beliefs and values that form your unique personal brand.
Your growth and involvement must begin to show lasting footprints as you exude maximum effectiveness and significance. Your leadership influence must translate into a source of inspiration for your peers and those who look at you as a leader.
The question is what kind of stuff do you immerse your mind in? What kind of food does your brain feed on? What kind of exercise does it get and for what purpose? What do you spend time listening to? What thoughts do you entertain? All these are the processes that form the conveyor belt into your subconscious mind.
An entrepreneurial spirit makes you someone who organizes, manages, and assumes the risks of a business enterprise, talent or calling to become an agent of change.
Entrepreneurship is the process of discovering new ways of combining resources to create change - in whatever area of life.
Money might be a reward (by-product) but should not always be the only goal of your efforts and enterprise.
Dreams are difficult to measure if they remain wishes - crystallise them into measurable goals with specific targets and action plans. Goals/objectives are easier to measure when broken down into tasks with clear targets and deadlines.
Choices and decisions must be supported by your passion, resolve and a productive work ethic. If these meet opportunity - your success has finally come!
Learn from mistakes and set-backs (yours and other people's), pick yourself up, make necessary changes and try again. I once came across a saying that went something like, The wise learn from the mistakes made by fools! So at some point we all have been fools, I suppose, since we all make mistakes.
Every effective person must be able to sell and teach, whether in private or to a group in public. This applies equally to skills and talents as it does to products and services.
Always remember that every word you say contains power and you must ask yourself a few questions about your words; Are these words true and kind? Are these words relevant and necessary? Are these words effective for intentions? Reflect on what your words carry, they are a life-changing container!
Positioning yourself and effective branding should not be left to sports and movie stars. Your need a personal coach, manager or mentor otherwise your expertise, skills or talent will not go far. You might have what it takes but sometimes you lack strategy and some finer elements.
Your personal development is your personal responsibility. No one can study or acquire knowledge for you. There are things only you can do, to bring the change or the results you require to make progress in life.
No matter how much I care for you I cannot grow for you, you have to do your own growing - it's your personal responsibility. Make a plan on how you will get the skills and experience required to become a practitioner of note in your area of choice.
Do not lose focus because of small wins or temporary set-backs. You can only score if you keep your eyes on the ball and be certain of where you want to place it even if you are not in physical sight of the goal. Visualise the dream but never take your eyes off the dynamic plan of action.
Even if you are counted amongst the best, you will slip into mediocrity by remaining comfortable being the worst of the best. You might be relevant, but because your level of effectiveness is in the bottom tier and your impact minimal - you will soon become obscure as your relevance begins to wear off.
Make adjustments and improvements to enhance the effectiveness of meetings or surpassing of your target. Learn to define, quantify and be specific about what, how and when you want to succeed in each area of your life.
Be disciplined enough to choose your network and be willing to sacrifice the circles that reduce your effectiveness and make you unproductive.
You are in obscurity when you are still needed but no one cares a lot what you say or think, or even where you are working from. You have no voice or presence that makes you relevant. Grow your voice.
The biblical preacher talks about the poor man's wisdom that saved a city but he was immediately forgotten. A poverty of ideas, contributions, uniqueness or influence, will overshadow the visibility of good potential. Keep those ideas flowing and you will not be forgotten.
Understand that every 'voice' has the spirit to influence. Watch your tone, accent, volume and speed. Be careful that you don't sound angry or argumentative whenever driving an important point. Equally important, is not sounding serious or sounding playful when the message being conveyed needs to be taken seriously.
The obvious signs of a brand gone wrong are the levels of negative headlines it consistently attracts. People talking about you for all the negative and wrong reasons. You begin to shoot yourself in the foot and you have become your own enemy. The gospel about you should be good enough to create relevance and significance - or rather to confirm that.
To lead is a privilege, not an entitlement. It doesn't make you better than anyone; it helps you bring out the best in everyone. Accolades don't inspire a leader's vision; they've set their sights on the success of others. Leaders bypass shortsightedness and focus on the big picture. Leaders who always stand righteously never stand alone.
Rewards are not simply given, they are earned. Each of your trials and tribulations increases your reward. You are destined for success and greatness beyond measure. So smile to increase your endurance and laugh in the face of adversity.
The results you are churning out are a direct or indirect reflection of what you allowed into your life. Unlearning what you already know and practice is no easy task, but sometimes it's necessary for the programming or re-programming that must take place for success to be made deliberate.
Believing in negative thoughts is one of the greatest obstructions to success.
It is imperative that you grow, because your personal growth and development is one of the most important things to you. Your growth is good for you - it must be deliberate.
No matter how much I care for you, you have to do your own growing - it's your personal responsibility. Muscles do not grow by reading but by lifting weights. Exam grades do not improve by wishing but by studying.
Connect by listening well and speaking relevantly without being prejudiced or sarcastic. Learn to listen with your eyes as much as you listen with your ears. Generate interest in the person and subject, that way people will become more interested in you.
Don't do things or act out your posture and gestures to impress people, just be yourself and portray the confident 'you' with that high self-esteem. So relax because you are 'you'. Be sincere, be authentic. That will be impressive enough.
Appearance matters, we see your presentation before we get a chance to sample the substance within. You might miss a chance for the latter.
Don't be intimidated and at the same time don't intimidate.
Whilst your memory is as sharp as the most reliable computer, it is always wiser to write things down. Pre-meditation helps the refining process, taking out the undesirable elements from a dream or vision, even mounting the courage to face and overcome challenges before they appear in reality.
Deliberately feed your subconscious mind by acquiring quality input through the conscious and sensory mind. You need to be aware of your need to be successful in life or any of its endeavours. You need to be aware of your potential and possess the strong desire to succeed. Success is possible and you deserve to succeed.
You must succeed! Not by accident, but deliberately! You are able to succeed - now you must be willing to succeed and this must reflect in the way you spend your life.
First accept the reality that we are all prejudiced because we have things and issues we have biases towards or against, based on our beliefs, thoughts and experiences. Accept that it is possible to differ on opinions, beliefs and philosophies without necessarily becoming inhumane or acrimonious towards each other.
Leave no room for fear and excuses. Be strong in spirit and possess unwavering convictions. Choose to be an optimist and commit to succeed.
Train your emotions to listen to your fundamental empowering beliefs. Be principle-centred and values-driven.
Never stop asking questions. Always take time to reflect and find answers. Stop, Think and Use Your Brain!
Your words are powerful containers, carrying blessings or curses depending on what is inside of you. If you harbour bitterness in you, you will speak spitefully and create hurt and hatred in those you speak with. If there is love inside of you, you will release pleasant and caring words that create appreciation, gratitude and warmth in those around you.
Let your resolution and confession be, 'I will change these things because I want to succeed, and I want to succeed because it will bring me the happiness I seek and desire.
Slipping into bad attitudes and habits is like a beautiful queen growing older and uglier compared to the defined mission and personal standards. Time and again everyone who is serious about making their success more deliberate needs to stop by the mirror in their own mind and ask, Mirror, mirror in my mind, am I still on course to succeed in life?
You should be able to criticize and evaluate yourself before others do it. Check for congruity between your defined mission, vision, values and your practiced attitude, behaviour and habits.
Once you make the requisite personal commitment to make your success deliberate, that commitment must translate into a definition of higher personal standards meant to depict the true impression of what you have become or are becoming within.
You first compete with yourself before competing against others; if you cannot beat your last best result, do not be surprised if it seems difficult to compete against external competitors.
Generate great impressions. This is a direct result of setting higher standards for yourself in your speech, dress, living environment, grooming, etiquette, study, research and commitment.
You must first become - before you are appointed, conferred or pronounced. Unfortunate challenges and failures are likely to be manifested whenever conferment precedes becoming what you aim to be. Be ready to maturely handle success.
It is amazing, the number of business executives and senior leaders who get to be appointed and elevated to positions of authority on the basis of technical competences whilst lacking essential grooming on basic good manners and customs of conduct that must come from the home training process.
If you just want to do something because it is a customary new year resolution, then soon enough the year will get a bit older, and the strength of your decision will also begin to wear off.
Build relationships and friendships by finding common experiences or interests instead of getting discouraged by noticeable differences.
If you are not sure or you don't know something, politely ask. Asking is not a sign of being daft, but of confidence.
Allow others to talk about themselves instead of being obsessed about telling them or bragging about yourself and your possessions and achievements. Show a genuine interest in others and allow them to tell their story so you can share the conversation.
Emotions or feelings stem from your attitude and they become the basis on which you decide or act. All decisions, choices and actions have some kind of underlying emotional influence. To change the way you feel about someone or something you must first change the way you think about them.
It will take faith, to know success can still be attained regardless of unfairness or disadvantages availed by any system you operate within.
In life, all things are not constant or equal, the inequalities are so loud; change and uncertainty are the order of the day. It is these changes, inequalities and uncertainties that make it more imperative that you deliberately plan your way to success.
You can use and see the power of words contributing towards your success, and this comes from having an empowering belief system. Living and functioning from an empowering belief system is the spring board for making your success more deliberate.
Without faith, it is impossible to succeed. It takes faith to grow, change or move out of your comfort zone. All external interventions become futile without the personal and internalized buy-in from the spirit-man who needs to change towards a given success destination.
When you face challenges, threats and prospects for failure, when you are out of money or job, when health is deteriorating and death seems to beckon - any hope for success against all those odds takes a solid empowering belief system that will believe - hope is still there. You must choose to adopt positive and empowering beliefs.
You need to realize there will always be beliefs that seek to limit and others that seek to stretch you to your highest potential. Just because you cannot see or do something, does not mean it is not there or cannot be done.
Positive empowering beliefs will enable you to solidify a vision and mission that can bring you to a life of relevance and significant impact. Remember whatever you believe is true - to you. These beliefs must be programmed into your mind - by you (though you will still get input outside your own initiative).
Your values, as guiding principles, will influence your attitude towards yourself, life, other people, work and even challenges or success itself. Your values are a product of your beliefs.
Attitude is the mind-set, the kind of thoughts you process and meditate on, to generate the kind of feelings you have towards life, people and issues. This is what makes you do what you do in the way you do it.
No one can change your attitude or another person's attitude - only you can decide to change your own attitude by influencing the whole value chain from programs running in your subconscious mind to beliefs and values you strongly hold.
We don't have the same backgrounds, we do not possess the same skills or talents, we are not from the same generation, and neither do we have access to the same platform to shine. Things are not equal and life is not constant - there will never be the so-called level playing field.
Identify and replace any limiting deep-rooted beliefs that are like a solid mental prison, including thoughts like, 'I'm not worthy,' 'I can't do this,' 'I'm too old to start,' 'I don't have the qualification or skills to become a better person,' 'I'm always the unlucky one,' 'I have nothing to give/say or contribute
Because it took you years to become so negative, doubting and dis-empowered - it must now become your daily journey to a life-time of positivity and empowering thoughts, words, actions and beliefs.
Deliberately plan to be exciting and to be excited.
Be deliberate about what you choose to read, watch or listen to - these are source codes to your internal programming.
The deep desire for success must cause a dream to rise to the surface and inspire you to action. The dream must be supported in the physical and natural realm to help you believe more and more in the possibility of its realization.
Make the difficult choices and adopt the discipline regime required of a person who has set their mind to succeed, kiss mediocrity goodbye and translate an ordinary life to the extraordinary. It takes personal commitment of time and resources, and a sacrifice of non-essential pleasures to move towards success.
The challenge therefore, as you strive for success, is to make it a habit to live your life on purpose. You must learn to make deliberate plans and then practice the art and science of doing things on purpose.
The aim is to produce specific results by your actions, so you begin to do things on purpose. If I leave things to chance, I am losing the plot to make success deliberate, meaning I am increasing my chances of failing in any given task.
You need to use you imagined view of the future you dream of, then paint the statement in words, to state that clear dream of your desired future.
Your vision must state the end result and must be stated in the positive so that it will be a constant source of inspiration. Begin by, I will.
You need to change the questions you ask yourself and of your situations, in order to change the trajectory of your life. These are questions that will help you define and refine your purpose.
We can only continue to promote invention, creativity and success by asking of ourselves, our situations and problems some key questions. What questions are you asking today?
Values are the guiding principles through which you make choices and decisions. They are influenced by your beliefs, and will help you uphold a higher standard of personal character.
Aligning your values and beliefs to your behaviour, increases your chances of being effective at living a fulfilling life without the stress of guilt-consciousness, internal strife or internal conflict
Your personal brand must exude who you are, what you stand for, specifies your target market, what value you intend to add to them and the unique offering through which you will do that.
Whilst you can be a stepping stone to help others succeed, you are not a dirty mat to be abused by others.
There should be a healthy 'stubbornness', assertiveness and confidence that comes from knowledge of your clear vision, mission, values and personal brand.
You can and should stand up for who you are and what you represent, without fear or prejudice. You take the promises you have made to yourself and to others very seriously.
The major purpose of defining and understanding yourself is to be able to come up with an objective strategy to map your success.
Leveraging your personal strengths means you will also need to become clearer about those strengths. It is easier to build on what you are already good at than start from your weaker areas. Take time to list down your strengths and reflect on them.
Personal growth by tackling the 'big-picture through focusing on the things you have power to influence is more effective and less stressful.
Remain aware of your weak points; not knowing or choosing to ignore them, means creating dangerous 'blind-spots' in the path to your success.
The ostrich-approach of burying your head in the sand, when confronting your areas of weakness, becomes a self-set trigger for failure.
What are the obvious temptations and inclinations that consistently call me or entice me to go against my personal beliefs, values and standards? You don't need a prophet for this!
If you check your personal blind spots, you can be able to guard against focusing on what you cannot do, but reduce the areas of weakness by taking their space with more of your strengths.
Reprogram your life and mind-set by replacing the bad with the positive, the weakness with the strength.
There is no point knowing your mission if you cannot see the area of need for that mission.
You will only become significant in life, by solving the unique set of problems only you and your mission are meant to solve.
There remains unique questions calling for a unique mission like yours to answer - and that is your key to significance. Find them and be the answer.
Self-discovery is a journey of questioning yourself.
Just like watering the field will cause both the desired seed and the undesirable weed to germinate, the opportunities for your mission in life will be equally presented with real-life threats.
Whilst the greatest threat to your mission is the internal aspects within you, the external circumstances need to be covered against as well. Scan your external environment and circumstances.
The wisdom that comes from being conscious of the real threats to you and your mission will sharpen your deliberateness in decision & choice-making, associations and positioning.
Begin to grow in wisdom and develop an informed approach to more global issues around you and along your path to success and significance.
Everyone has the Capacity to Succeed.Ceteris Paribus!
The truth is that we all have what it takes to succeed and the fact is that not everyone will attain what they define success to be.
The reality of life and an imperfect world dictates that things cannot be held constant to guarantee your success; you have to wiggle your way through a planned path within a maze, to attain your goal.
Your success must never be left to others. You must be able to visualize it and see it through your own eyes, whilst others assist you to see it better and make it clearer.
If you cannot see it in your mind, then it becomes difficult to get. If you can personally visualize it, it becomes easier and more realistic to achieve.
Just because you cannot see it now, does not mean it is not there or not possible. See yourself succeeding and own that vision through all your planning and hard work.
Internalising success means that even if a misfortune takes away all the evidence or traces of success, yet what made you successful, remains. Soon enough, the evidence will return.
What makes you succeed must be possessed where it cannot be taken away. The internal capacity to succeed is more important than the external and temporal manifestation of success.
When success is internalized, no situation, no matter how bad, can convince you that you will not be able to attain your goal. You become adamant and refuse to give up.
You must not end your life because you failed an examination. Failing an examination or making a mistake does not make you a failure at life. The context of life is broader than that.
Taking your own life could become the ultimate failure, because you will be killing and closing the existing door to a chance that might have been waiting to lead you into another path.
Do not define your success in the context of just one situation or challenge you are currently battling or pursuing.
Your mind must be prepared to face some kind of 'failure' or mistakes - take the lessons, face the consequences even if embarrassing, and march on.
You do not reduce or eliminate your concerns by crying, shouting or proving you are the victim of whatever happened in your life.
As you grow and develop your talent and skill - you must begin to create a demand for what you possess as a personal brand.
Whatever you possess as an advantage over others, must be meticulously executed to produce desired results and progress.
Work, and not wishing, is what brings motion and results from your vision. Don't be lazy. Try and try again, learn and practice, review and refine, then go back to implement again.
You must practice the discipline of a champion before you win the actual contest. The appointment and opportunity must then come to confirm what you have already become.
Roll-up those sleeves and work until you see the fruit of your labour. It takes Passion, Resolve and a Productive Work Ethic, meeting with Opportunity, for you to succeed.
Your unwillingness to change to my view point is purely on the justifiable basis that you have your own strongly held beliefs about important life issues.
Whatever you believe in, is true - at least to you! The question is, How positive and empowering is it, especially in the face of adversity?
Even if the creative brilliance sparks only once, it needs to be accelerated and developed so it has self-sustaining strategies to continue adding value to both the initiator and those it serves.
Poverty might make you obscure, but if you continue churning out wisdom to solve more problems and challenges, you will neither remain poor nor die in obscurity.
Consistency and acceleration are both key to sustaining success. One-day-wonder persons who slouch back to mediocrity will soon be forgotten.
What are the beliefs that give life, spirit and passion to your dream and which values will guide your decisions and actions for you to be fulfilled by your own success?
Have a clear plan or strategy to translate your success philosophy into desired results. Adopt an effective work ethic, with a laser-focus and requisite execution strategies to produce results.
Don't waste time. Avoid the company of wasteful people who lack the desire to achieve. Become assertive and action-oriented.
All around you, production must be taking place to bring you closer to realizing your defined success. Adopt a personal responsibility attitude to enable the realization of your dreams.
Do not seek success just for the sake of succeeding or for self-gratification. Seek a life of impact and significance.
Plan for the sustainability of your success so that you do not drift back to failure and mediocrity.
Do not plan to die, do not plan for the death of your name or your influence - rather, plan for the resting of a life well lived. Make an eternal mark.
There is more fulfilment when sharing with others than enjoying on your own - whatever success you achieve.
The unfairness of judging others comes in that we judge them on the basis of our own values and beliefs, yet we can never exactly stand on common ground.
The big miracle you await will likely first appear in a small encounter or chance event. So always be aware and open, you never know what today will bring.
The key to success is to first know thyself. The definition of success by another person must not paralyse you or make you think less of your potential to succeed in your own way.
Just because someone throws their success in your face doesn't mean you have to let it get in your eyes.
The person who will end up enjoying success, is the one who planned for it and who knew why they are seeking to succeed.
Most of the things to guarantee your death have already been done so you can spend the rest of your time focusing on the things that can guarantee your success and happiness.
Plan from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
Beginning to work your plan means movement and action. The success of your movements and actions can only be guaranteed if they are well calculated.
Success must be personalised, contextualized and internalized. Success means something different to each one of us. We each have a unique and peculiar mission in life.
Who are you? Where are you coming from? What are your strengths and ambitions? What makes you happy and fulfilled? What are your inherent gifts and talents? Clearly define yourself.
Stop, think and use your brain! Don't' rush through life. Take time to reflect as you define what success means to you. Always remember you are one of a kind!
To become successful, do the little extra things that ordinary people refuse to do. The little extra hard work, little extra practice, little extra studying and the little extra positive attitude.
Defining what success means to you requires important meetings - board meetings with yourself. When the me, myself and I committee meets and passes transformational resolutions.
People are different and it is this uniqueness that also makes it imperative for the definition or meaning of success be left to each individual to determine.
If your belief system, mission, values and attitude are poisoned or contaminated, then expect whatever you enjoy and perceive as success to be short-lived.
To succeed, with or without money, have deliberate plans to make success out of opportunity. If you are totally dependent on chance, then chances are that you will fail.
Never fool yourself, success will not come by accident - it must be deliberately planned for. If opportunities don't come on their own, they too must be created or attracted.
Those who succeed after a rare opportunity, only succeed on the back of a plan they already had or one they craft and begin to pursue after receiving the windfall.
Personalising success means defining it in line with your defined mission and beliefs. This will help ignite a passion for the dream as well as develop underlying values and attitudes.
Cease from envy, prejudice and unhealthy competitiveness. Never abandon your own mission and brand to pursue the seemingly exciting mission or vision of another.
Success can never be enjoyed if there is no congruity or alignment of your beliefs, values and how you behave in attaining your achievements.
No one can become successful for you. It takes personal definitions, personal decisions, personal convictions, personal actions and personal responsibility to succeed in life.
Anything is possible. Dream! Reach out! Achieve!
Be encouraged! You can fulfil your dream.
You have immense power--power to overcome, power to achieve, power to possess, and power to prosper, making you incredibly irresistible.
The quality of a man is to be judged not by what he drives but by what drives him
I Have Learned Why People Work So Hard To Succeed: It Is Because They Envy The Things Their Neighbors Have. But It Is Useless. It Is Like Chasing The Wind....It Is Better To Have Only A Little, With Peace Of Mind, Than Be Busy All The Time With Both Hands, Trying To Catch The Wind
In the game of life;Sometimes we win,Sometimes we loss,Either ways, we should always keep playing.
Be yourself, don't try to be someone else. And the right people will love you for who you are.
Burnout, beat-up and broken down we may limp away from a failed relationship, job or environment, but we will be better equipped to follow our hearts...thoughtfully. Our ability to see the potential in ourselves and others will determine our success.
It is possible for you to realise your dream as a scientist, you must be a passionate learner and curious enough to seek this wonderful career path.
Pursue your dreams with all your might and soul.
Encouragement is a blazing hope.
True success is overcoming the fear of being successful.
Many people see a brick wall as an obstacle, when it's really a 'how to' for achieving success. You have to build either of them one brick at a time.
Life is simple but if you don't put anything into it, you won't get anything out of it.
A miracle is when you take action on your goals, and create the visible from the invisible. Transform your thoughts and dreams into the material world, from planning, hard work and determination.
The more optimistic you can be the more resilient you will be to whatever challenges life throws at you.
You will never achieve a goal by definition unless you try.
Sometimes in your life, you will get to the point where you are not even trying or worthy even taking a step a head of you, but you will have to go to the next step without thinking more.
Your integrity may disgrace your pride at the time you don't think but that doesnt mean you should stop. You'll have to accept and move on with your life in the way it is.
Life has let me down several times, that I have learnt to cope with my pain in different situations while at the same time, learning through comparing my past problems and the current obstacles am facing.
Never give up in life. Learn to be humble, resilient, honest, wise and submissive and you'll be able to make a change better than anyone else.
Learn to struggle in all four seasons, for opportunity has no date or an exact time to find, you will only get what you need by trying everthing you know, without fear or shame.
Winning is not a matter of acceptance but a term of dedication with an interest to achieve.
All what you have to do is to accept, to be bold and open to the world and the world will open it's gates for you.
Selfish in his posture; material at his grasp, smirk upon his face; but this success will not last. For you see, son, his purpose; lost along the way, He started only living; for the dollar that he made. Never make that error; for a dime to loose sight of your seek, For value is not measured, by the wealth at your feet
Lets make a change today while everybody takes a day off and waits to make a change tomorrow.
We're halfway through another great time of the year. You should start to make little improvements to your lifestyle and thinking, your late. Start making a change now.
The struggle is never easy to finding what is lost and to gain the best of what is to come without sweat.
In every city you go, you will come across men of different kinds and you are the one to choose where your to belong.
The way to success is long..But beautiful at the same time.
You can accomplish great things by attempting great things.
success is a conscious effort to make a change in your current situation and sticking to it ,your current position is a result of how much change you made yesterday, your future depends on what you are willing to change today.
We are capable of greatness.
Your knowledge is revenue to success !!
If you want success roll your sleeves up and fight for it!
when you create a lifestyle from a dream, you provide no room left; for failure.
The only thing standing between most people and their dreams is the fear of failure.
The outcome is not up to you. The outlook is.
Say something worthwhile and people will listen.
People will try to frustrate you in life. But you have to decide to stay focus and determined to realize your goal.
Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. You can achieve you desired dreams.
Success is guaranteed to those who dare to dream, are courageous enough to be devoted to their dreams, and have the determination to realise them. If you think you have these three qualities, then I welcome you to the club of SUCCESS!
Let failuers be your reason to strengthen your determination and passion to succeed.
Success and failure are options equally available to all, the dividing line is your choices and opportunities harnessed or missed.
You are special individual. Never envy others.You never know what they go through.Seek and be inspired by the works of others. Learn their secrets for success.
Your past success is a foundation into future success.
Accountability and self-responsibility are critical to our success in personal, professional and public life. However, we often look for those character traits in others, rather than inculcating them in ourselves.
Only those who are able to adapt to changing scenarios will continue to survive and prosper. Success is directly proportional to the degree of positive adaptation to change.
Your success is directly proportional to the number of lives you have touched for the better.
Fear, jealousy and anger are manifestations of a lack of being in love. Being in love is possible only when you are in love with yourslef first. Self-love is an inborn quality that has been corroded because of social conditioning. As a result, we forget that love is within is, or rather, we are the source of love.
The quicker your forget unpleasant instances and forgive yourself or others for wrong deeds, the better are your chances of focusing on your aspirations and working towards them.
Success = Dream x Plan x WorkConscious dreams are essential components of your success. When you are backed up by a convincing dream, meticulous planning, and 100% execution, you are bound to be victorius.
Leaders are made not born. They are the results of persistent effort. Thus, leadership involves much more than just shouting. Effective leadership requires a human focus and reflects a servant and transformation mentality. It is about the nuts and bolts of execution. Leadership is an everyday activity. It is a process that begins but never ends.
Communication is really a two-way process with listenining being as important as speaking. Enhancing one's listening skills is therefore as important as enhancing one's speaking skills.
A success catalyst has the ability to spark significant and sustainable changes, inspire possibilities and accelerate results.
I strongly believe that success is directly proprotional to one's ability to be simple and comfortable. In fact, simplicity and comfort have a multiplication effect, thus increasing the chances of expedited and sustained success.
The good news is that being in gratitude does not require time and money. All it requires is an attitude of being grateful.
Sacrifice has great value in that it not only achieves personal success but builds successful communities, nations and humanity. Each moment spent in selfless sacrifice makes you a stronger person, and such strength fosters the required determination to cope with adversity and hardship for the sake of others.
Being a team player will help you climb the ladder of success. Furthermore, a successful team player can rise to the level of team leader in the future.
Success is directly proportional to the degree of realization of the purpose.
Imbibing the art of giving is not only a spiritual act; it is a belief n the future, and that future has to be good. Giving is investing in that future; it is like helping to make the dream come true not only for you but for others.
Every failure was a stepping stone towards a greater success.
Your success in life depends on you more than any other external factors.
Life is not about receiving. It is about giving, knowing that someone might learn, understand or grow that little bit from the experience
The actual lifespan of a thought is very short.unless you believe it, trust it, or take direction from it.. Then it can last a lifetime. Be choosy. Pick the ones with which to do this.
If you continue to hit your head against the wall, don't be surprised if your head hurts.
Life is all about making others SUCCESSFUL!!
We cannot choose our circumstances, but we can choose how we handle them.
Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the sweet reward is that as you make new friends and encourage others, the foolish have ignored the fact that you have already shown them your teeth.
By the time others begin to make moves, you should be mastering maneuvers
Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the sweet reward is that as you make new friends and encourage others, the foolish will learn the error of their ways because you did at least show them your teeth.
The danger of venturing into uncharted waters is not nearly as dangerous as staying on shore, waiting for your boat to come in.
When we procrastinate, we also put a hold on happiness.
Holding on to negative feelings and past circumstances is like placing a lock on your soul.
We all judge. But when I realize that judgmental thoughts and actions are merely my primitive nature trying to "protect" me from being one-upped or making sure I am not one-upped, it makes it easier to laugh at my silliness.
Life's journey is peppered with many bumps and pitfalls. If we make mountains out of each one, we will get nowhere.
Accept the good, however big or small, with no strings attached.
You cannot truly love yourself if you are constantly surrounded by clutter, chaos and bitterness. The time has come for you to de-clutter your mind and your environment.
Being the best is rarely within our reach. Doing our best is always within our reach.
Other men look up and down, left and right; but men like us are different. We are visionaries.
She had no idea what the future would hold for any of them, beyond possibilities as infinite as the stars. And really, that was enough.
Your future is your own again. And I consider that to be a happy ending to the story.
Just because you don't know what you want yet, it doesn't mean that there's nothing to want.
Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.
Find the Key ! Find the Key ! If you want to open the Doors of Heaven ! Without which, you can at best, look from outside, like the pauper looking in through the window at your food when hungry. Find the Key !
I'm working on the future, instead of being caught up in where I am today. - Roy Daniels
Ask yourself:Am I living my past, present or future?
Don't worry about your future in the past,Otherwise the sense of enjoyment won't last.By Vinay Chawla
We must learn to choose between lining our bank accounts and being accountable for our future.
There may be a future for me after all and one day, I may live long enough to give this bracelet to my grandson. Willis knew he had the code as soon as he read the assignment in the blue folder. It's in his hands now. As Tayla said, it's the future, we don't get to know how it ends.
There's always room for Jell-O
All that time I thought she was my future, I was wrong. She wasn't my future at all. She was the door to my future. But I'm through that door now, and ready to close it behind me.
It's hard to be happy in the now when you can't stop worrying about the future. What I want is to trust that everything will work out. To believe with all my heart that I'll end up where I belong.
What lies ahead is far greater than what we have left behind.
Enjoy what you have, cherish the good times and savour everything life presents you. We can't change the past.However, the future is a blank canvas, waiting for the paint, go create a masterpiece.
My unpleasant past has given me wisdom to build a pleasant Future.
...To see your life flow in obscurity among the treasures of the heart and of nature, happy in your anonymity, and to occasionally lose yourself in reading or in the pleasure of being a sensitive admirer of the fine arts; that's the image of modern life you're looking for!
Today, Blue thought, is the day I stop listening to the future and start living it instead.
You can't undo the past, but you can remedy it by creating a better future.
Don't let the poison of the past spoil a fruitful future.
The future belongs to those who learn from the past and live brilliantly in the present moment.
Be the designer of your own future.
What lies ahead of you is challenging but beautiful.
What was and what may be lie, like children whose faces we cannot see, in the arms of silence. All we have is here, now.
I feel like we can do something really cool to this world. And I fear - at twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five - we might forget.
Your journey into the future can only begin when you are able to let go of the past.
You can never live in the past. You always live in the tiny gap between the present and the future.
The future is nothing but a reflection of the present and the past.
Visualization is a process when we try to see the imaginative creation as a real future manifestation.
When I look into my past, only then can I see the trending future.
You may not know what the outcome will be, but you have to try to give yourself a future, no matter how long it takes. You have to hold on to hope.
You create your future by what you do in the present
You ever had the feeling the future's become the past while you were busy being scared?
The world since Adam has been white-and corrupt. The world of tomorrow will be black-and righteous. In the white world there has been nothing but slavery, suffering, death and colonialism. In the black world of tomorrow, there will be true freedom, justice and equality for all. And that day is coming-sooner than you think.
I used to think maybe I wanted to become a falconer, and now I'm sure of it, because I need to figure out the secret. I need to work out how to keep things flying back to me instead of always flying away.
You can't afford to let the heartbreaks in life ruin your future.
If you want a bright future, ignite your desire filled action today.
What we pass on moves forward to future generations. Never let anything important slip through the cracks.
The future begins with hope.
Pain is inevitable but so is joy. Too many of us resort to abject fear or anger due to our sufferings or unknowns in life. Remain steadfast by approaching discovery and love so you can embrace the present moment. The past can serve as nothing more than a lesson and the future can serve as nothing more than a notion.
Being at one with everything just means accepting that the future is always going to be unsure and learning to find ways to be okay with the uncontrollable sequence of events.
Don't you be thinking,' she says, 'on things that are done and can't be changed. All right, dear girl? You think of the time to come.
The past informs our present and our future.
Don't let your past define you, let it mold you into the person you want to be
Make today a gift to your future self.
Then the coxswain called out, 'Ready all!' Joe turned and faced the rear of the boat, slid his seat forward, sank the white blade of his oar into the oil-black water, tensed his muscles, and waited for the command that would propel him forward into the glimmering darkness.
And you asked why people always expected you to smile in photographs. And I told you it was because they hoped that in the future, there would be something to smile about.
The more you are grateful for what you have the more you can live fully in the present. When you live in the present moment the greater you can build stepping stones for a brighter future.
This is what a small victory feels like. It feels like a little surprise and a lot of relief. It makes the past feel lighter and the future seem even lighter than that, if only for a moment. It feels like rightness winning. It feels like possibility.
Not a day goes by, without thinking, that books are our future, not technology.
Every morning we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Your past is your past. Leave it there. Get on with the future part, honey
Whatever you wish to achieve in future is a part of today's job. Infuse all your energies in today and make every other day like this one!
The future will be bright, if you play it right!
The future of a country doesn't depend on its wealth but on its education.
To show our commitment to the future means to dedicate our time, efforts, resources, saving nature and to develop nice thoughts for better thinking.
The future is for everyone, not far, it's just tomorrow.
If you want to be happy in the future, be happy now.
My happiness comes from the donation of my life in many ways for the current and for the future generations.
This world belongs to our future generations, so we have to take utmost care of it.
If the future generation has a difficult life, if they engage in war or commit crime it's not their fault, it's our fault because we fail to educate them. So responsibility resides on me, on us, to educate them in proper ways.
As a sculptor sculpts a statue, an educator educates our future generation. Beauty depends on the creator.
The future does not wait for hesitant people. The more we achieve, the more we realise how much more we can achieve.
Don't Stress About the Future. Live Life and Love Now!
Life-ahead is timeless fortune.
You can work to create a bright future.
Keep the faith and be hopeful for the future.Our best life are ahead of us.
There is always a double meaning in life...
The future is always unknown.Live your own life.Live in the moment.Live so well in the present, so that when tomorrow never comes, you may have no regrets.
Hope:Belief in a bright future.
The future is always unknown.
Everyone says that you should live like there is no tomorrow, but I think it's even more important to live like there is no yesterday. Your future means so much more than your past.
The choices that you make in life will determine the person that you become. Life is all about choices.
Why spend a thought worrying when you can invest the same thought planning a prosperous future?
Every action in the present prepare us for the future.
Today you are no longer a victor nor victim of the past and future, today is completely independent, there are no restrictions; except for the ones you place upon yourself.
Two steps forward...one step back...I've always hated that old cliche too...I believe that we should all be able to dance through life and only change the tempo now and then.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Omg! To the past.Omg! To the present. Omg! To the future. It's life. Don't give up!
If we are ever in doubt what to do, it is a good rule to ask ourselves what we shall wish on the morrow that we had done.
I am not doing anything special,Just struggling with my Present to make my Future enjoyable.
Stop looking back when your future is ahead of you.
You are only happy in life if you forget the bad things and focus on the good things
The Acceptance of who you are is in the embrace of who you will become.
Life is like one big blueprint, if you don't make plans then your future will not be built
History was once the future, the future will create history.
Just when the butterfly thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
When you are nearer, you will understand how much your eyesight is deceived by distance. Therefore, push yourself a little harder.
What happens now will not matter in the future.
Let us make sure that future generation writes our biography.
If you honor the moments by not wasting them, the Time will honor you back by remembering you as the hero, for the rest of the time to come.
Future will always remember the heroes, its because of them there exist a future.
Pride is nothing more than false courage without long term solutions.
People are so busy polishing their past, that they forget to paint their future.
When I look in the mirror, I see someone who will accomplish amazing things
Just remember - when you think all is lost, the future remains.
We all have scars & deep pain. It'swhat makes us human & vulnerable.
My past takes no hostages, no prisoners. I've let go of yesterday and am free to receive the beautiful gift of the present.
When you stop looking over your shoulder, you shall see that the future is way nicer than the past.
Your past has already been written and the words cannot be changed, but your future is waiting to be written; make it a bestseller.
Opportunities are born by learning!
Fate is a future you didn't try hard enough ti change. If you want things to go your way, being smart and being strong are helpful, but you still have to work your ass off.
We are all time travelers, we just don't know it yet.The only problem is that we only have a one way ticket, destination: FUTURE.
Time.Once it's gone, it belongs to the past.We do not hold on to the now, andWe do not treasure the future.We keep receiving this present, but we never open and cherish it until it is too late.Until it comes no more.
But I know nothing; my future is a wide-open vista, leading to an unknown country - The Rest Of My Life.
Live in hope. Because things do happen. Things do change. Worry really is futile. Don't fear the future. Dreams do come true.
Sometimes you have to know what you're willing to sacrifice to be the person you are meant to be.
Every man is the craftsman of his future, whether he hone it himself or allow fate do it.
Living in the past kills your future.
Reality Sucks, I want my dreams back.
Imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Rather than having regrets over events in the past, or worrying whether or not the future will bring you what you need or desire, allow yourself to rest in the present, the now. Understand that all that has transpired has brought you to this moment, and in this very moment, riches that far outweigh those of the world already lie within you.
I tell young people: Do not think of yourself, think of others. Think of the future that awaits you, think about what you can do and do not fear anything.
There are two days in the year that you cannot do anything: YESTERDAY & TOMORROW: Only TODAY you can Be Happy, Smile, Dream, Love, Feel, & Be Thankful.
Happily Ever After starts every time you woke up.
Only the weak use "I can't" as an excuse to give up.
Right now fear, doubt, anxiety, tension and disharmony are reigning supreme.But there shall come a time when this world of ours will be flooded with peace.Who is going to bring about this radical change?It will be you: you and your sisters and brothers.You and your oneness-heart will spread peace throughout the length and breadth of the world.
Belief is not a luxury, it is a biological necessity of the mind.
Believing without questioning is an insult to the human conscience.
You are powerful, you are unique, you are a gift to yourself and others.
I think believing in something is what matters most.Believe in nature or believe in love or believe that bydoing the right thing you can make some differenceto another human being or an entire generation.
You can, and you will. If you're going to carry any belief, carry one that empowers you. Believe in your unlimited potential.
INFINITY is an illusion, we are just too lazy to count...
Every time someone tells me I can't do something the more I want to do it, not to prove them wrong but because I always knew I could do it.
Keep faith in your abilities to deal with an uncertain next
You are only as limited as your beliefs.
Talent and work ethic are nothing without belief.
If you want to know the one thing that will allow you to grow faster than anything else, it is the belief that you may be wrong about absolutely everything you believe. When you can question your beliefs at every possible turn, your opportunities for growth expand exponentially.
If someone's beliefs are fixed and false, he or she can do anything to justify their beliefs.
I do not know your woes, Humans, but I do know that they are abundant. Believe in each other, and stand together, and you will conquer them all.
All dreams are realities waiting for us to believe in them.
We wait patiently to receive want we desire.
If in doubt,trust your instincts because either you are right or lack the bite to fix it right.
Even in the broken state, my mind find waysto connect with you.
Only absurdities need to be defended. Truth speaks for itself.
It's tempting to believe that a break from life's routine will only cause chaos. But regimen does not ensure security. The only constant we can count on is change.
You are an atheist if you do not believe in yourself.
Resignation requires will, and will requires decision, and decision requires belief, and belief requires that there is something to believe in!
If you want to be a successful writer you have to put your butt in the chair and your fingers on the keyboard and put words on the page. Even shitty words are better than no words. You can go back and fix them later.
Well, a man can but hold fast to what he believes right, and even the opponent he baulks should value him for that.
As I believe-I am, I can, I know.
Our love is the reason romance was created.
As a rule,I believe people shouldn't follow rules;rules should follow people.
If you believe in something, then you shouldn't give up on it.
Beliefs are not some special category of idea sitting at a higher station of truth than our ordinary, everyday mortal thoughts. Beliefs are not neccesarily "the truth" at all. (Remember, there was a time everyone believed the earth was flat)
I believe the difficulty that lies in growth, is the struggle of letting go of all you know to learn about the unknown. When in all actuality the unknown that you're learning about is yourself.
Have you got something against faith?Have you got something against reason?
When all help is stopped, when your loved ones started doubting your competence, when failure seems almost confirmed, but no matter what, if you make one more attempt, that final step will fetch you the victory.
All is best, though we oft doubt, what the unsearchable dispose, of highest wisdom brings about.
My past conduct was so transparent and so honest that when my enemies spread rumours about me nobody believed them.
If you want your lie to be believed then you need to speak thousand truths before you lie.
The belief that myths are somehow less true than the symbolic dream we call 'reality' may be the greatest myth of all.
Believe in your dreams or don't dream at all.
Men are more resilient than that, I think. Our belief is often strongest when it should be weakest. That is the nature of hope.
I'd rather believe in something and be wrong, than believe in nothing and be wrong.
Love and kindness are the hammer and chisel that gently chip through barriers and long-held beliefs to reveal the magnificent soul contained within every human.
What people say realistic, may not necessarily the same as what we think. At the end we will know which one Is ourselves, which one is not.
It's my belief that people enter your life at exactly the right time.
So many people along the way,whatever it is you aspire to do, will tell you it can't be done. But it all it takes is imagination. You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there no limits,
I BELIEVE EVERYONE IS SPECIAL . . . BUT SOME PEOPLE THINK . . . . IT'S JUST ANOTHER WAY OF SAYING NO-ONE IS
To make 2013 (or any other)your year, keep it simple:1) Count your blessings first2) Whatever you did last year, Do it better3) Go step by step, One day at a time.4) Create/make your own opportunities.5) Believe in your abilities at all times,6) Qutting is not an option. Keep Going.7) Finish what you started
Making this a better world happens one person at a time. You cannot force your beliefs on anyone. Rather, be the example that others can emulate. Live your life so that others may be inspired by your words and deeds. That's how change happens.
A persons soul reflects more than just their actions. It reflects their thoughts and feelings, their emotions and desires. It reflected all of who you are.
Can a man change the stars?" "Yes William. If he believes enough, a man can do anything!
O love, O fire! once he drewWith one long kiss my whole soul throughMy lips, as sunlight drinketh dew.
We all come out from Gogol's 'Overcoat'.
That's the beauty and the curse of the 'engrafted word'... it all comes down to interpretation.
Fitzgerald has charm. It's a silly word, but it's an exact word for me. I like 'The Great Gatsby' and it's sad, gay nostalgia.
I will never see the day where I choose to fall upon my own sword of refuge. In knowing this, I also know that you will never ultimately defeat me; for my life is my own, and I will see to it accordingly.
This reasoning is based on the wishful thinking that genius can only be earned through education and hard work. It denies the time-proven truth that genius can strike like a random bolt of lightning, at any time in any place, even in a humble glover's home in a small town in Elizabethan England.
Literature tries to express the intricate inner beauties of life. Philosophy tries to explain the intricate inner beauties and conflicts of thoughts.
Literature is life.
Homicide is not a sin. It is sometimes a necessary violence on resistant and ossified forms of existence which have ceased to be amusing. In the interests of an important and fascinating experiment, it can even become meritorious. Here is the starting point of a new apologia for sadism.
The world of books, the greatest possessions.
Books had taught me new ideas and had shown me ways of life that I would not have known about otherwise, and they offered a refuge when, like now, real life seemed too hard.
If arts and music, precious gifts in themselves, were akin to memory, literature was the self-knowing of the species; the human mind accumulated, a manifest of wisdom and knowledge, self-doubt and awareness, folly and foible, all transmitted through the generations. Books amplified the light of mind, reinforced the soul.
Great language and great literature do not survive long without each other
We are all one. Everything is meaningless, and yet at the same time meaningful. Everything matters and doesn't matter just as much," Wisdom said and looked beyond time.(Nakoma, by Gala.J)
Ocean waves gently rock the boat,As if to the tune of a lullaby.She sits still as the boat silently floatsUnder the infinite blue sky.
A fortress built long ago,Walls made timeless by historic glory.The small girl in the boat slows,To listen to its story.
As night falls silently all around,She carefully turns the last page.
We nurture the candle flames that show the way ahead. We are guerrillas of the word, unsung heroes breathing softly on the embers of the human mind, so that they might re-ignite the hearths around which we once found safe haven. The book is the Light and the Life.
Words are instruments, they are tools that, in their different ways, are as effective as any sharp edge or violate chemical. They are, like coins, items of great value, but they represent a currency that, well spent, returns ever greater riches.
The stories are not made, they are discovered.
. . . you don't need a happy ending to move onto a happy beginning.
People who want to change everything in the world but never think of changing themselves are clapping with one palm.
I don't write poems to melt your heart.I write them,so our heartscan melt together.
The most advertised commodity is not always intrinsically the best; but is sometimes merely the product of a company, with plenty of money to spend on advertising.
Writing poetry is a state of free float
Six Stars,' he exclaimed. 'Finding the right words is hard!
Nobody will ever be able to understand the meaning of the measure of his own words.
I am a writer....a master of words.'Like a knife, words should be handled carefully. They can cut deeply, the wound may never heal, and the scar can remain for an eternity.
There's magic in the words. In the right order, they can make you cry, make you smile, or even make you stronger. But only if you have tasted a life that's worth living.
The wonder of words.
Perfectly written isn't human, exact replicas aren't flawless and thinking you have to achieve them all is futile. Seek to write and create what deeply moves you and only then will the words and work you create feel perfectly flawless.
I have always been obsessed with naming things. If I could name them, I could tame them. They could be my friends.
Words come alive from a page or script because both the writer and actor were brave enough to neither deny or invent their truth
My Words Are For The Ones Who Get It, Rest Forget It !
Seek not the favours of menFor man is fickleHis favours come at a priceAnd always changeChoose carefully your friendsFor a friend today could be a foe tomorrowFor such is the way of the worldTest your friends and if they pass the musterKeep them close to youFor they will be shield to you and you themKhoiSan Book of Wisdom
I've never subscribed to the "words can never hurt me" point of view. Because if words can't hurt, then neither can they help or heal or inspire. Yes, words can brutalize. They can shame and scar. But people must be free to say them anyway. We protect free speech not because words are harmless, but because they are powerful.
Words are events, they do things, change things. They transform both speaker and hearer; they feed energy back and forth and amplify it
They didn't need the words, if they were willing to be silent long enough to learn to speak without them.
In politics no permanent friends, no permanent enemies but permanent interest.
Only cowards leave words unspoken.
The power of classical music turns my words into fire.
I fight evil, and words are my weapons of choice.
Love writes without words.
Should is my all time least favorite word. It's this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
Should is my all time least favorite word! It's this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
One word can turn into a book just as one poem should never be overlooked.
Gracious words nourish the soul.
When you have the grace speak, declare sacred-utterances.
Should' is my all time least favoriteword! It's this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up ourselves andothers.
Should' is my all time least favorite word. It's this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
A promise is just an empty shell filled with words, and words are weightless.
To often we speak just to hear the sound of our own voice, when we should speak only when the words are sweeter than silence.
Once words have been said there is no way to un-say them
I belong to clever words and bedtime storieseven a good riddle or twoI belong to the sound of musicand dance to my own rhythmI belong to the sunlight on a chilly autumn daywhen the world awaits a new beginningI belong by the shore under a star-filled skywith the ocean caressing my feetI belong everywhere.And anyway I please.
The Wrods We Sepak Ifnlucne Waht We See Ifnlucne The Atconis We Tkae Gvies Us The Rseluts We Get...The Words We Speak Influence What We See Influences The Actions We Take Gives Us The Results We Get!
We all have a place within us, that would like to rewrite the way our life was written out for us....That's why people want to become authors.
When our thoughts, our words, and our deeds are for happiness then we are happy.
A person's words reflect the image of his character and the amount of truth and lies in it is always visible to the human heart than ordinary eyes.
Change your world with your hardwork and loyalty not with your words and your dreams.
Being a word wielder is far better than being a sword wielder. Greatest thing is you can still change the world.
The greatest book is one written by your pen, but not exactly from your mind.
If you are not good at speeches, be good at your actions.
My words are not the inspiration, I am the inspiration.
We inter-change ideas. You can stay in the United States and inspire people in Indonesia. You can stay in Ghana and inspire people in Turkey. You can stay in Nigeria and inspire people in cote'd voire. You can stay in Senegal and inspire people in China and vice versa.
You can lead and motivate people without a certificate or title, what you need to do is to tell people a compelling secret that was only known to you.
You're like candy. People lick your knowledge to become wise, lick your words from your powerful mouth and say it even better than you. Lick each step you make and stay on a good track, and once you're dead, the lickers scavenge for another intellectual candy.
You don't have to say I love you to say I love you.
The more I did it-the more it owned me. It made things matter. It put a spine into my spineless life and that spine spread, into backbone, ribs, collarbone, neck held high.It was something. Don't say it wasn't.
TELL THE WORLD WHAT YOU INTEND TO DO, BUT FIRST SHOW IT.This is the equivalent of saying "deeds, and not words, are what count most.
There is great worth in holding universal truths and timelessly beautiful words in your heart, which will stay there forever, infusing your thoughts and speech.
Most people who think they're happy are really just stupid.
Don't get me wrong. A good marriage, adequate financial resources, even a clean home and well-behaved children do bring some measure of happiness. However, temporal blessings, as wonderful as they may be, are only a taste of the real thing. They cannot sustain inner happiness any more than eating a scrumptious meal keeps tomorrow's hunger at bay. 
If you take action while you are mad, you will always make the wrong decision.
Emergencies have always been necessary to progress. It was darkness which produced the lamp. It was fog that produced the compass. It was hunger that drove us to exploration. And it took a depression to teach us the real value of a job.
No, no, no, no. Don't get carried away, man. One thaw is not the summer.
Like you're taking the universe by thethroat and saying, look, I know Ican never be as big as you, but yousure as hell can't stop me from trying.Like taking the sadness and wringingit out and saying, look, I knowyou won't leave me alone, but yousure as hell can't stop me living.
You create your own reality
... and she was awed to see that vibrant life still struggled to thrive despite such destruction.
A message for those of you who contemplate permanent solutions to temporary problems. You never know what could be coming in the future. There is so much music you've yet to hear.
To the deepest, most cellular level of my being, I resent people who believe that depression is the same as weakness, that "sad" people must be coddled like helpless toddlers.
I ask myself every day am I an Adult?What is an Adult? To me an Adult is someone who can see the world for what it really is.And instead of giving up and trying to escape reality at every moment they can, they choose to continue on and use what is around them to help them succeed.
Choose to live...then live through experiences!
Live with grace and dignity. It's a middle finger to the darkness
endure all always
The writer's life is frightful. I have experienced deep dispair, mental ill and attempt of suicide.
You were never created to live depressed, defeated, guilty, condemned, ashamed or unworthy. We were created to be victorious.
When you're depressed and you think of killing yourself. Stop. If you're afraid to talk about your problems to someone, write down your thoughts, your feelings; let your frustrations go. Nobody has to see what you write but you. It's like writing to your good self until you find that version of you again. Don't give up on yourself. You're amazing.
Fear leads to worry. Worry leads to depression. But faith overcomes fear and worry.
Get a shot of love to prevent the infection called depression.
Don't let anxiety, depression and other mental illnesses ruin your life, be brave and face the day ahead of you
If I sing along a little fucking louder to a happy song I'll be alright.
Sometimes things do not go the way one wanted them to go... At times like this, one would wish that one had not dreamt so much. Just hang in there... destination is just a mile away.
Depression feels a bit like that, it creeps in on you and settles, until you think it'll never lift, but in time it always does. That's why it's so tragic if people don't reach out to anyone when they feel low, because if they do, the mist will usually lift in the end.
I'm not sure what happened to me over the last few days. I lost myself, I think. I sank down into a hole for a while. They're tricky things, holes. You don't know you're in one until you get out.
Don't underestimate your tears. They have the power to strengthen your commitment to your life's purpose and to direct you towards your goal. So, when you cry because of the people who mock or taunt you, be positive and make promises with yourself that you will prove them wrong.
Once I had been introduced to depression, I realized if I wanted to help my friend and preserve our friendship, I needed to understand what the illness was all about.
Magically, hopelessness gives rise to profound hope.
It's easy to feel depressed by focusing on problems. Count your blessings while others are adding up their worries and you will be much happier. Attitude is EVERYTHING!
One day, you will stand at the summit of a figurative mountain and look back on your life's journey. And, to your utter amazement, you will see how your experiences with depression, dark and painful as they were, only added to the overall beauty of your life.
Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among magicians.
Sometimes when you experience something wonderful, everything else loses its shine.
To all who struggle with depression or suicidal thoughts: you are not alone. we are all on this journey together. I promise you that there is hope. Let us reach out to one another and walk together in the sunlight.
It's amazing the things that the heart and mind can endure. No one ever told me that growing up, so I often spent my childhood thinking something was wrong with me.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
It almost occurred; It almost got hold of my purity, Just as it headed for the war within my being,I fed it a light so bright; It thought it almost had control of me. Depression is just a dis-ease, So; Let your mind be free
Running away can also be running to.
I pop the lenses out of my sunglasses that way I see the bright side of things because if you always look at the dark side of things your not seeing the brightness that all things have and it's like you're stuck in a cloud of darkness
Depression is a lying bastard.You'll have better days, I promise you.
There is a valid reason why they say live everyday as if it were your last, the truth is...., there is no tomorrow - just today
People are screwed up in this world. I'd rather be with someone screwed and open about it than somebody perfect and...you know... ready to explode.
It is in my head! That's why it's called Mental Illness.
One thing is undeniably clear. We have all had bad experiences, we have all had tragedies in our lives which help to shape who we are.
There are only two profound ways to reach enlightenment: Laugh by yourself, or get tickled.
In the end, it was the secrets that held me hostage and fuelled my depression, but, once released, emancipation - from fear, shame, guilt and judgement - was finally possible.
I name you today, heart fears. I am small, but you are smaller. You will not stop me. You have a voice, fears, and I must listen, but then I will open my heart. I will love you right to death.
The most amazing thing is that all my sorrows, all of my darkest moments, are becoming my gifts.
He is in no real danger. He merely suffers from a lethargy, a sickness that is common among the depressed. He has forgotten who he really is, but he will recover, for he used to know me, and all I have to do is cloud the mist that beclouds his vision.
Once you hit rock bottom, that's where you perfectly stand; That's your chance of restarting, but restarting the right way.
Always remember, child... that to think bad thoughts is really the easiest thing in the world. If you leave your mind to itself it will spiral you down into ever increasing unhappiness. To think good thoughts, however, requires effort. This is one onf the things that discipline - training - is about.
For those living in a dark cave... sometimes all it takes is for someone to throw us a lifeline.
When you're in the middle of your depression, pay good attention to it, because, tended carefully, you never know where it might lead you.
Waiting to be 'better' is the wrong approach. It's learning to live with it.
You do it how you can do it, so long as it's getting done, you're okay.
She felt happy these days, yet there was always an undercurrent of sadness just below the surface
Indigo has a purifying, stabilizing, cleansing effect when fear, repression, and obsessions have disturbed your mental body. Indigo food vibrations are: blackberries, blue plums, blueberries, purple brocoli, beetroot, and purple grapes.
Between death and hell a bridge shining silver wings offers his soul hope.
The only difference between a wish and a prayer is that you're at the mercy of the universe for the first, and you've got some help with the second.
Answered prayer is the interchange of love between the Father and His child.
Prayer is like water - something you can't imagine has the strength or power to do any good, and yet give it time and it can change the lay of the land.
The sooner I learn to forget myself in the desire that He may be glorified, the richer will be the blessing that prayer will bring to myself. No one ever loses by what he sacrifices to the Father.
If we seem to get no good by attempting to draw near to Him, we may be sure we will get none by keeping away from Him.
What a blessed habit I have found my prayer list, morning by morning, it takes me via the Throne of all Grace straight to the intimate personal heart of each one mentioned here, and I know that He Who is not prescribed by time and geography answers immediately.
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears, our faith triumphant o'er our fears, are all with thee - are all with thee!
Ask , and it shall be given until you. That is no vain or untried promise, Ruth!
Let thy pilgrimage be a prayer.
If you wait, you can have what you want,
Praise begins a prayer.
Prayer begets peace.
Prayer makes all things possible.
A prayer/meditation a day, keeps the Doctor away.
At the end of the day what makes a difference was our time with Him at the beginning of the day!
And our tears are an expression of that which we cannot express. Tears are perfect prayer.
[R]eal prayer is not an excuse for laziness but, in fact, is one of the most arduous engagements I know of in ministry. Prayer is not a replacement for hard work but, in most cases, empowerment for even more fruitful work.
Building a prayer culture takes time. . . and relentless pressure over time. I often say that it is much more a crock pot than a microwave.
When we go for the battle, the burning flames of fire, light will consume the darkness.
May your home always be filled with love, laughter and happiness.
Every prayer is a wish fulfilled in due time.
I have only one prayer and that is, Please give me endless power to love.
May your life be a fountain of love and kindness to fill the world with joy.
Kindness is the best prayer.
Every shed tears is a prayer.
You only have to do one good thing to be in somebody's lifetime of prayers.
The most meaningful prayer is kindness.
Change your thought life to a prayer life.
Prayer, sacred supernatural act.
Starting the morning without prayer is like starting a car without gas.
If you ever seem to be sliding back into the very thing you've already been set free of, don't even waste time getting discouraged. Often what seems like the same old thing coming back again may be a new layer surfacing that needs to come off. You're not going backwards-you are going deeper.
Kindness is my prayer. Humanity is my abode.
Music is the sweetest language for hearts, kindest prayer for souls, peaceful breeze for minds, and a magical sail for imaginations.
Reading is a beautiful prayer for knowledge.
The next time you're waiting, redeem the time through prayer. You'll be amazed at what you can accomplish.
Every prayer victory makes it easier to believe the next time.
Satan is a relentless tormenter; you have to be a relentless Scripture Confessor until satan flees."- Tytenisha, Confessions of a Praying Woman
Taking actions will fulfill your dreams and wishes, not the prayers and blessings.
Alone all day, Juniper would remember the animals and places he loved, and hold them in his own heart before the great Heart that made them. He was learning to find quietness inside himself. He was learning to pray.
If for every well-intended prayer uttered in hopes of making the world a better place, there was instead a good deed accomplished, the world might look as though those prayers had been answered.
In that moment, I welcomed back the light and let go of the fear, the feelings of unworthiness, the past, the loss, the wallowing, the grief and the anger. I let go of the illusion of control in our losses, of our afflictions.
When we face our fear of death and slow down our busy lives, we come to realize our relationships are precious, a part of life's foundation. Knowing this fact helps us to understand that death's true purpose is to teach us how to live.
Lack of spiritual desire should grieve us and lead us to lament its absence, to seek earnestly for its bestowal, so that our praying, henceforth, should be an expression of the soul's sincere desire.
When you pray, all heaven prays with you. That's a mighty army.
Prayer is a way, a road we build for love to walk into our lives.
from Love Under a Dark Sky: "In the universe vastWe share a simple feastAmong creatures equally earthbound.Let us raise our hearts in gratitude,Our eyes in expectationOf a greater supper yetIn heavenly realms.
Many times, you are the single most significant and glorious thing that has ever happened in the lives of some people; they sit around and talk about you over and over again throughout the years while you are out there living your life, every step that you take and every kiss that you make having absolutely nothing to do with them, at all!
Despite the forecast, live like it's spring.
We're going to explore the outside world someday, right? Far beyond these walls, there's flaming water, land made of ice, and fields of sand spread wide. It's the world my parents wanted to go to.
Instead of possibilities, I have realities in my past, not only the reality of work done and of love loved, but of sufferings bravely suffered. These sufferings are even the things of which I am most proud, though these are things which cannot inspire envy.
She had a flower tattoo on her wrist; "What does that mean?" he asked her. "Absolutely nothing," she said, "it's just a flower.
Yes, you may have your cake and eat it too. I will only take the rest of the world along with all the other cakes in it, thank you!
Life isn't sure, life is scary, It doesn't mean you stop living it.
Our minds do unusual things sometimes, Tamara. When we're looking for things it takes it upon itself to go down its own route. All we can do is follow
There is always a better option, than the option giving up.
Do what makes you happy. Life is too short to live on other people's expectations
Grow old along with me! The best is yet to be, The last of life, for which the first was made ...
Yes, I think it's okay to abandon the big, established, stuck tribe. It's okay to say to them, "You're not going where I need to go, and there's no way I'm going to persuade all of you to follow me. So rather than standing here watching the opportunities fade away, I'm heading off. I'm betting some of you, the best of you, will follow me.
One cannot live on anger, my son.
When you get up in the morning, you select what you want to wear, however you do not realise you can also select what thoughts you are going to have. Your clothe leaves an impression on other people, your thoughts leaves an impression on you, choose wisely - Carsten Ostergaard Pedersen-
Having lots of money while not having inner peace is like dying of thirst while bathing in the ocean.
I cannot find the perfect person, but I refuse to live my life living a tragic love story based on just sex, and selfish act.
Your life is the proof that you have a purposeYou are the treasure that you are searching for
I highly recommend running through grassy trails in the rain. There is a haven of serenity out in nature, the sound of raindrops and the scent of flowers, the feeling of the water along my skin. Even in the middle of a busy city and an insane world, there is beauty everywhere. All we have to do is pause long enough to notice.
Now is your time. Go for it! It is never too late, or too early, to begin living the adventures of which you have always dreamed.
Despite your pains and your problems you can still be kind to others as they are not responsible for your misery.
The future takes care of itself, and we should instead focus on taking care of the present. Try to make it pleasant and happy.
Regrets will eat you alive if you let them. You gotta outrun them. Find something in the now.
Peace does not walk up to our doorsteps and press the calling bell! We have to go out there and search for it.
Never say never because limits, like fears, are often illusions.
The demons you need to get rid of are inside. But they seem out there because you left the window open.
In this life, you can not understand what you do have not lived.
Take heart. You're not alone. Every broken heart breathes again. That's life. It goes on. In loss, and in gain.
Learn to accept life in toto. A perfect life is only in the dream world. This, my dear, with all it's heartaches, is it. Our world.
To live unhappily, is failing life.
Enjoy the Journey!
Life is truly a miracle and must be protected, safeguarded and treasured.
There are problems and there are problems. One big problem and a great paradox in the arena of life is the problem of where or how a person is now and where or how he wants to be tomorrow. Had it not been this problem, we would have been relaxing all day long
We all make mistakes. The more you punish yourself for them, the harder it is to live.
Tomorrow is not a day. It's an attitude. It's a symbol of the human spirit's desire to keep getting better. It's that curious mind that asks 'what's next'?Tomorrow is not ushered in by the cock's crow. Tomorrow dawns when today is better than yesterday...when we create something new.
You Can't Live If You Can't Die
Elevate yourself away from anything or anyone who stunts your growth by distraction, you will never get round to watering your own plant if you wait for there approval to do so. Before you know it there garden will be full and yours would never have been started.
To dream is to allow our subconscious thoughts exceed our limitations
Great struggles make for great stories.
I am obsessed with good buying books
While you're hating your life just because you can't get what you want, someone is praying to have a life like yours..!!
There are unlimited possibilities in life.
Time is itself on time, are you
The more you live, the more today you see, the more yesterday's you left and the more tomorrow you say! Only those who have lived long can best tell the regrets of yesterday, the lessons in today and the real reasons to ponder before you say and think of tomorrow!
Killing of an innocent, alike killing of humanity.
You are the Winner,You are the Looser,You are the Sinner,It all depends upon how serious are you about.
My first interview was with eighty-eight-year-old folk artist Marcia Muth. 'Your life does change as you get older,' she told me. 'You get into what's important and what's not'.
Fifty years from now, I will not be remembered for how much money I earned, the type of home I lived in or the car I drove, but on whether I made a difference to someone's life.
The man who dies rich dies disgraced leaving the earth without making it better than he met it. Give to humanity.
All I want in my life is-My mind to Think and My body to Run.
If only you can add just one great and distinctive thing to your life each day, you shall surely not just live and leave one great thing!
...What is easier for us isn't necessarily what is better for us.
We don't seek anyone out. We just wait and hope that people who want the same things come along.
I go towards him and put my hands on his face and I kiss him. What do you feel, Holden?He looks into my eyes. You, he says. I feel you.
Without doubt, it is a delightful harmony when doing and saying go together.
We all spend our lives living beside the people we could have been.
Simplicity allows a measure of freedom which the complexities of modern life greedily consume - freedom to think, to reflect, to create, to serve and be sincerely generous with our time and presence.
It should be considered right to live and enjoy living. To be well, happy, and to express freedom, is to be in accord with Divine Law and Wisdom.
A lie is still a lieeven if it's disguisedas the truth.
Giving someone gifts cannot equate to spending quality time with them. Never replace time with things. Time is precious and once lost cannot be regained. Make every moment count...you never know when your time will be up.
Be the good, kind, lovable person you want to see in the world. Every action counts and the more people who behave and act with love and caring the more the world becomes a better place. We can do this!
Salvation Creek flows till date, endless tears of motherly love and manly regret.
You don't have to be good all the times. It's okay to be hurt sometimes. It's okay to feel lost like you're wandering around the dark. It's the bad days that make the good ones so much better.
True enough. I say this all the time.Trez looked at his hands. I didn't ask for this.No one asks for life. The executioner hiked iAm's body up higher. And sometimes they do not ask for death...
Nothing exists but my breath. I know this feeling. Usually it comes when something unexpected and momentously awful is about to happen, which doesn't make sense now. I'm just going home.
Take one minute every day and think hard about your life. You will always change for the best.
With a single leap, you can change your entire life.
Tomorrow is always a better day.
In the end, we must remember that no one can become what they need to be by remaining where the are. Until there is motion nothing can change.
I have patient to wait for what I desire.
You ought to write grateful gratitude every day
If you hate something, the best way to beat it is to be better than anyone else in it.
Forget about being impressive and commit to being real. Because being real is impressive!
You have to make an enemy a friend to conquer his or her evil intentions.
In order to thrive, connect to and engage in what is Life-Generating and avoid or prevent what is Life-Depleting in any way you can.
I'd want them to know that everyone has their own rules for living and few people actually live by them all. So, although I may not have lived up to all of my rules and expectations in this book, I'd want them to know that I tried, and the reason I tried was for them, and if I broke them, they were broken with the best of intentions.
Always stay young with your looks, your thoughts should speak your maturity
Life is a sacred journey.
You can find three species at any defind area.... Stray animals, pet animals and SOCIAL animals... I wonder where HUMANS are..!!!
The way you perceive your Self is what enables, or disables, you.
For things to be right on the outside, they first have to be right on the inside.
If circumstances are always the rulers, the shallow existence of instant gratification will keep us as mere spectators of our lives. Get up! Clarify! Get in the game and live!
Documenting little details of your everyday life becomes a celebration of who you are.
Blessed are you who forgive.You will forever be happy.
Live in harmony with nature.
Take it from me: love has all the lasting permanence of a rainbow-beautiful while it's there, and just as likely to have disappeared by the time you blink.
If you teach how best to bite; watch out, you might as well be the first victim.
What doesn't kill you makes you CRAZY, GRUMPY, MAD AS EVER? NO it makes you STRONGER! Yep,you'll get there eventually!
If you dream big, you achieve big.If you dream small, you achieve small. Dreams make the difference.
Recipe for friendship:2 cups of TRUST, 1 dash of CARING, 2 cups of UNDERSTANDING, 2 spoonfuls of SHARED SECRETS, 1 cup of MUTUAL AFFECTION, 1 spoonful of CRAZY, and a whole bag of FUN
A decent life, even a short life, will always be far better than an exceptionally long life lived in ruin.
Everyone at some point in life have faced rejection and failure, it is part of the process to self realisation.
When we discover that nothing and no one has the power to define or confine our inner light, then we understand that no one can limit our divine plans.
A birthday is a glorious day filled with good laughter, gladness and great memories.
Step into my shoes follow my journey my mountains my valleys my surprise potholes and if you can keep going the way I keep going perhaps you'll understand my choices & strength.
We are only underlings of fate if we choose to let the wills of others shape our lives." -Thomas Richards
I don't do hurry I don't do worry.
don't let the pursuit of happiness stop you from being happy right here, right now.
If you have never failed, then you have not known life.
Even in the midst of the storm the sun is still shining.
I'd wish it were easier to not allow other people's pasts to create my own present.
Without living, there will be no learning. Without learning, there will be no growth. Without growth, there will be no change. The only way you learn is by trying. You may make mistakes but you have to remember that doing so will lead to change. Be willing to learn from experiences, grow and live to become better not bitter.
Everything is a test.Either you win or lose, either you commit yourself or not, it's all up to you.
Where the Magic Awaits: The Worst Becomes the Absolute Best
If you're still living, you are yet! winning.
We Are All Capable of Great Things
I am a great warrior.
If we had directions, it wouldn't be life. It would be an assignment. Grunt work.
Enjoy every moment of your life on earth.
There are a thousand reasons to live this life, every one of them sufficient.
Your brain is not only the material inside your cranium, its something to be explored, developed and refined
Never wear a shoe that doesn't fits you.
Be present and aware of the privilege of living.
Life gives us experiences, we are learners.
To make a difference in the world, it only takes one optimistic person, who can gather millions of people to make the change.
The magic of life is its imprecision, the multiple narratives constantly unfolding before us. Every step we take, every decision we make, reshuffles the deck of our lives and sets a new trajectory of possibility in motion.
Footsteps of success, are trailed by fading footprints, of failures past..
Something will work out tomorrow, I thought. And if not, then tomorrow I'll do some thinking. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da, life goes on.
If there's one thing I fear most in this world its not living my life to the fullest. It's not doing crazy, fun, and off the wall things. It's not traveling around the world while I still can. It's also regret, I don't wanna regret anything.
They scooped out our insides, Saul. We're not responsible for that. We're not responsible for what happened to us. None of us are. Fred said. But our healing--that's up to us. That's what saved me. Knowing it was my game.
See beyond the vision of your eyes, to believe and trust that there is something more to life-something bigger and greater than where we stand and what we know with our minds.
Be grateful for life. Show gratitude to others, whether it's verbally or energetically, it has the same effect.
May you find grace and courage to live life to the fullness.
You have to choose your own destiny.You have to choose your own path in life.
Life's impermanence, I realized, is what makes every single day so precious. It's what shapes our time here. It's what makes it so important than not a single moment be wasted.
Use your imagination to create your beautiful life.
You must not only exist in the world, live life.
Life is a brief shot at something incredible
Amazing life, a joyful journey.
I can see clearly my visions.
Keep dreaming, dreams have no limit.
Tell your story to inspired other people to rise up and live their dreams.
I dwell on positive and beauty of life.
Putting a smile on a child's face can change the world, Maybe not the whole world but at least their world!
Life is full of uncertainties. Ye must grasp the moment.
I have absolutely no regrets in life except regrets for the things I didn't do when I had the chance ~ Donald Pillai
When a female cop pull you over for speeding, to get out of the ticket, talk nice to her, try to flirt or start crying, i bet she will save the ticket for you.
Life is a dream
The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even thought they countain most of our lives.
A picture should capture a moment, a place in time you can return to again and again.
Opportunity is another word for moving on. And it is a word choice, which is often the wiser. If the well gets poisoned, move to a meadow of merriment, where your hearts will echo the more.
Yea I may come across as blunt, but I will say the truth even if its bitter, that's just me. You either hate me for it or respect me for it.
Ignorance is a place where innocence is not always a virtue.
I hope you still dream when your eyes aint closed." -song:"As I Walk
Life is the ultimate artistic masterpiece, and it's up to you, the creator, to make it as wildly dazzling as possible.
You never know until you give something your best and keep working at it. Follow your dreams no matter what
Life is like a Sunset and Sunrise, when sun goes down it will raise back again next day, life is also same way, sometimes we have to face good as well as bad situation which will help us to learn new things which we never excepted that will happen.
I have a feeling that you're riding for some kind of terrible, terrible fall. . . . The whole arrangement's designed for men who, at some time or other in their lives, were looking for something their own environment couldn't supply them with. . . . So they gave up looking.
Choice, what people really want, is the most important thing. Choosing the life you want, making your own choices-that is what defines you as human.
Tomorrow has not invited you yet, so LIVE for today! Tomorrow is near, yet so far away. Choose this day to smile, laugh, love unconditionally, and be happy within.
You can't live without failing at something, unless you love so cautiously you might as well have nit lived at all, in which case, you fail be default.
Imagine about anything instead of assume about it.
Live now, enjoy Life now! Love now, for this now is the precious moment that is creating our lives. Each now is unique -- it won't come back in time. In it we leave a footprint, and within that impression are the actions we leave behind. Each step we take, we leave a mark. The path is created by the steps a person takes while walking it.
When I get lemon juice in a cut..it hurts..but then I remember all who would die for that lemon I am quiet and take the pain for what it is... because that is what it is to live.
If life is a bowl of cherries, what's inside of it?
. one can never go back, that one should not ever try to go back - that the essence of life is going forward. Life is really a One Way Street.
Sorry! But I'm not a game played when ever you want to play it!
The more you hate, more you think about it, more you increase your own stress.
It's better to die chasing a dream never caught than to die never having chased the dream.
Love Life's Loves
Smiling is powerful. Smiling at your problems make you a powerful person.
In the building of walls to protect ourselves- we have managed to keep ourselves from the best in this life. And so the line is drawn whether to live and to be broken and unbroken or to breathe but not live at all. Perhaps there is no such thing as brokenness, afterall. Perhaps it is all just called "living.
A life is like a book of many chapters and topics. Which Chapter are is your life?
Only those who vacillate have the possibility to regret. Those who know what they want, they have it easy; if everything goes wrong, they know they did not have a choice.
You might be a big fish in a little pond,Doesn't mean you've won'Coz along may come a bigger one.
Sweetie, you don't need to drive me to the brink of insanity... I'm close enough to walk!
A problem isn't a real problem till you decide to make it a problem... so what's the problem again?
Have Fun, Be Safe, and Always Have FAITH
The World is Bright & Beautiful
The happiest people are the ones who can build a firm foundation of awesomeness out of the stones people have thrown at them.
A loser is one who has "given up on his dreams",so long as you are trying, you haven't lost yet!
Great ambition without contribution is without significance.  The Emperor's Club
The only thing worse than regretting the things you've done is regretting the things you didn't do.
It is best to live life gulping down one's anxiety and flying higher than anybody else.
Let your instincts guide you through life, and your eyes see the way through.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Some people believe that to find happiness, you should live each day of your life as if it's your last because that way you will appreciate every single moment you have. Other people believe that you should live each day as if it's your first because then every day can be the beginning of a new journey.
For men and women alike, this journey is a the trajectory between birth and death, a human life lived. No one escapes the adventure. We only work with it differently.
Sometimes we need to feel bad to know what it's like to feel good...
Policeman says, "Son you can't stay here"I said, "There's someone I'm waiting for if it's a day, a month, a year"Gotta stand my ground even if it rains or snowsIf she changes her mind this is the first place she will go
I see I have this patience to wait it out, and the truth is no matter how dark I feel I would never take my own life, because when the darkness is over, then what a blessing is the feeblest ray of light!
Some people may like you, and some people may not, keep living your life dreams, you will succeed!
Some of us are cremes brulees, unfortunately in the presence of those who would rather have corn dogs. We can try to degenerate into corn dogs to make them happy, or we can just accept the fact that we were made for Paris!
Maintain a receptive attitude!
And the uniqueness of every momentseeks the path from pain to a pearl.
Most days I juggle everything quite well, on the other days there's always red wine.
Life is to be experienced in totality. Try not to blame others like spouse, parents, friends, fellow beings or situations for any suffering. .. Never allow your vibe to go to a lower level. This way you will attract more and more positive circumstances in your life.
Hold love like a butterfly, with gentle preservation. Hold life like the reigns of a wild stallion, with fierce assertion. Encompass that, and you find the nectar of the immortal spirit.
...once you've crawled into what's commonly thought of as the sordid underbelly of life, you realize it's all just different versions of normal.
People don't always value life, even their own, as much as they should.
That's all there is to life, you know. Fun things, we just need to remember to enjoy them or we waste it all.
No, I stay for myself. Everything I need, everything I want, is here. I know it's not enough for most people, but it is for me. Every time I leave, even for an afternoon or an overnight trip to Seattle, I can't wait to get back. This is home. And I guess I'm a person who needs a home, a place to plant seeds and watch them grow.
True writers know that writing is not something they feel required to do,or to make a living they must do, it is quite frankly like breathing. Somecan breathe often and fluently, some short breaths, some a long exhaleand for many of us it is the patient steady breathing surrounding life.
It takes life to live life
It is important that you never place limitations on learning, personal growth, traveling, reading and making a positive difference in your life and others.
GREAT SECRET Whenever I'm learning something difficult, I keep expectations low, and aspirations high.
Every day we can learn something new.
Learning never stops till the very end of life's existence from whoever and at whatever time or situations. 
Health is the ability to realize our avowed and unavowed dreams.
Let my learning be my experience.
This flawless night sky adorned with crystal pendant stars is nothing more than a fragile glass of potential - shattered only to those who dare to break through it.
There's a quote that has been said too many times by too many people: I must have done something right to deserve you in my life. Perhaps despite all our wrong doings and mistakes, despite all our failures and imperfections, we have done something right, for something good still happens in life.
It is better to be a reader than richer.
No one can do the learning for you.
The more actively engaged you are in the present moment, the more aware you will become of yourself; your actions and reactions. As you become more aware, you will increase your ability to change what it is you do and how.
Seek to learn. See to learn.
If you look at the world with eyes that wish to learn, you will see lessons everywhere.
To do otherwise with a 'prentice was to ask for a second, less playful bite. And who would be to blame for that? Who but the teacher? For was he not training her to bite? Training both of them to bite?
Beautiful is what we see, More Beautiful is what we know, most Beautiful by far is what we don't
Travel means a lot of learning experience to me".
Learning is experiential! The more I experience the more I learn. I love this interdependent process!
When you want to learn something, all the life experiences conspire in helping you to learn.
I love to buying books to create my sacred library.
It is the unknown that we thirst for. Curiosity that drives us... to learn. Not to hear, or to be told. But to see and feel, to experience.
Self education leads to self-development and self-liberation.
A bird cannot fly with broken wings. Your heart cannot love without learning to heal.
You are never too old to learn more than you already know and to become able to do more than you already can.
Education stimulates self-study.
Knowledge is self -discovery.
We can learn much from others and use that information to improve our world.
Learning takes a lifetime and even the geniuses among us die ignorant. You should always want to learn, to grow, to improve. Otherwise what's the point? You may as well just give up and die. There's always new things to see, people to meet, lessons to learn. Life is both a classroom and a teacher. We'll always be the students, never the professors.
Our attitude towards ourselves should be to be insatiable in learning and towards others to be tireless in teaching.
We must keep on learning for self-development.
The longer you pause to process surprising or negative feedback, the more likely you are to learn from it.
The greatest evil in our country today is...ignorance...We need to be taught to study rather than to believe.
While there may be various tips, pointers, ingredients, and strategies to success, there is no one formula that always guarantees it other than to keep learning from failure itself.
If you desire it, you must punish yourself for the sake of learning, seek every advantage in keeping up with the other clerks and in excelling them. You must study with the fervor of the blessed or the cursed.
To question is to grow.
Raise, Awake and take stand. Draw the path for others. Be a Leader.
Mistakes are great teachers. They are stern, confident and fierce inredirecting you from what you should not do; to what you should do.
What stays with you longest and deepest? Of curious panics, of hard-fought engagements or sieges tremendous what deepest remains?
Always maintain the attitude of a student. When a person thinks they have finished learning, that is when bitterness and disappointment can set in, as that person will wake up everyday wondering when someone is going to throw a parade in their honour for being so smart.
Patience is learning to take a deep breath while you're exhaling
Education is a process of unlearning and learning.
Of course we'll win. And even if we were to lose, we'd win at losing.
A brain is like a muscle, a serial connection that you should train everyday; if you don't use it, you loose it
When it comes to learning success, action is your school, and failure your teacher.
There are valuable lessons to be learnt in every stage of life.
A book is a treasure of life.
To inspire others, you must first inspire yourself. Only true passion can awake passion in others
It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not the possession of but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment.
Guilt and Regret always pulls one down.They have an impact like that of gravity.They heavy you like few tons of concrete,Therefore,Instead of growing, moving on and learning from your mistakes,You will wine and dine with Would Have's and Could Have's.
Learning means bringing forth the physical, emotional, mental and spiritual knowledge, skills and values, that are within us. Our learning starts as soon as we are born.Excerpt from "Living in Light, Love & Truth". (Page 3).
What you learn from others you can use to follow.What you learn for yourself you can use to lead.
If we succeed in giving the love of learning, the learning itself is sure to follow.
Starting at the bottom is not about humiliation. It's about humility-a realistic assessment of where you are in the learning curve.
The art of teaching lies in communicating the mystery of the universe without taking the mystery out of it.
That which triggers understanding often is found by bringing misunderstanding to the light.
It's never either-or, never enjoyment versus advancement, so long as you conceive of advancement in terms of learning rather than climbing to the next rung of the professional ladder. You are getting ahead if you learn, even if you wind up staying on the same rung.
The more you read, the better you get at it; the better you get at it, the more you like it;and the more you like it, the more you do it. And the more you read, the more you know;and the more you know, the smarter you grow.
Those who will work hard will succeed,While those shop choose to slack at their work will be in need.
Those who work hard will succeed,While those who slack at their work will be in need
If we have not changed, we have not learned
Even if you have achieved everything, there is Perfection, still left to be achieved.
Life is about learning new things and relearning old things.
This time around I was so lonely that I was forced to be face to face with myself. Realizing at the end of the day I only have me and I didn't seem to like my own company. I decided to I had to make myself into someone I can live with.
The path to wisdom is paved with humility.
Knowing higher truths ensure that we have a larger perspective where all other things fall in place or start making sense.
Expectation levels set can be directly correlated to the quality of the training provided.
If you are not learning, you are not living.
Yes, we know you are a graduate with PhD. But when was the last time you chase after a book shop to buy and read a book at your own volition to obtain an information for your self-development? Knowledge doesn't chase people; people chase knowledge and information.
What does it matter?" I shrugged. "It's interesting and anything thats interesting is worth learning.
What you learn is often determined by what you need to know. If you think you're weak, you will learn that you are strong. If you think you are indestructible, you will learn that you are fragile. In the end though, you will learn that you are human. You are no more and no less than all those who are learning their lessons as you learn yours.
First LEARN...thenremove the 'L
Have you noticed how children never bypass a puddle of water, but jump, splash, and slosh right through it? That's because they know an important truth: Life was meant to be lived; puddles were meant to be experienced.
I remembered learning from my favorite professor at Belmont to surround yourself with people who are better than you, and I was now living that mantra.
Yoga is not just repetation of few postures - it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life.
Include and grow. Include and expand.
When you enter a place of stillness, you awaken the divinity within you.
You are the Golden Witnessing Screen. Meditation is the effortless effort to keep that screen clean, clear and perfect. - Sri Amit Ray
Learn to enjoy the way as much as you would enjoy when you reach the destination.
Meditation may be done in silence & stillness, by using voice & sound, or by engaging the body in movement. All forms emphasize the training of attention.
Meditation consists of generating three kinds of energy: mindfulness, concentration, and insight. These three energies give us power to nourish happiness and take care of our suffering. Suffering may be there. But with the energy of mindfulness, concentration, and insight, we can embrace and take care of that suffering and nourish happiness at the same time.
Meditation is a secular practice, not a religious practice.
Heaven is the natural spaciousness of our mind before we make it small with self-protection.
The journey to loving ourselves doesn't mean we like everything.
When we approach the journey acknowledging what we do not know and what we can't control, we maintain our energy for the quest.
When we relate to ourselves with loving kindness, perfectionism naturally drops away.
Wholehearted acceptance is a basic element of love, starting with love for ourselves, and a gateway to joy. Through the practices of loving kindness and self-compassion, we can learn to love our flawed and imperfect selves. And in those moments of vulnerability, we open our hearts to connect with each other, as well. We are not perfect, but we are enough.
Meditation is about mindfulness and learning to strip away the illusion, revealing your authentic self and connectedness to everything and everyone.
Looking for some peace? Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths....That inner connection and peace are always available to you, at any moment.
Keep Calm and Find Your Zen-ity
Nirvana is too simple an experience to be depicted by diagrams.
You are in love with your own reflection of the universe.
What I've learned to do is be certain that I am uncertain. To revel in the fuzziness of my understanding of the world. And to look with great anticipation toward the next moment I'll figure out that I'm wrong about something. And that lets you get on this trajectory where you just become more and more and more open.
When we invoke stillness within our consciousness, we have the power to recover the child we forgot that we once were.
To the degree we give power to anything outside ourselves we become powerless
It starts with a single breath and the present moment, but where it takes you is into the vast radiance of your true nature, into a magical, spacious life.
Once your heart overflows with love, another heart will follow. And so it goes. Yeshua: One Hundred Meaningful Messages for Messengers
May you comfort and healing.
Life without challenge  is life denied any chance  for one to achieve.
Love is not a verb. Love is a noun. Love's activity is people breathing, cells dividing, a dove taking a flight. This grammar of life not all can see.
The space between between breaths is measured in moments. But the space between Truths..? Lifetimes.
True freedom is when all the stories, all the insights, all the realizations, concepts, beliefs and positions dissolve. What remains is what you are; a vast, conscious, luminous space simply resting in itself, not knowing a thing, at the point where all things are possible.
When you are truly awakened, you have completely stopped trying to become awakened. You simply are. You know that you did not locate awakening; awakening located you.
All paths are valid, but in the end you will find that the realization of the ultimate truth is a pathless path.
Being enlightened ironically means realizing that there is no separate entity that can be enlightened or unenlightened.
Realization includes everything, the mundane and the transcendental. In true awakening, nothing stands apart and nothing is excluded. If we find ourselves in a state where something is excluded, that state, however amazing it is, is still a dualistic state.
You aren't actually a someone, a person, who is conscious. You are the awake space of awareness itself, within which all the thought up entities in your world appear. Out of all these imagined entities, you have simply made the mistake of thinking that one of them is you.
Realization is not about you, the wave, realizing it is ocean. The ocean realizes itself in you and reveals itself to have never been just a wave. Nothing changes except the falling away of a false belief.
Looking forward to what you think enlightenment might be at some grand point in the future keeps you from seeing the truth of its presence right now.
Awareness is that which is reading these words right now, whatever that is. You know without a doubt that there is something reading these words right now and awareness is precisely what that is.
Not knowing anything, not searching for anything, understanding that we can't hold on to anything, leaves us with nothing - nothing except our original nature, pure awareness.
The one who believes himself to be a person needs to try to find that person. This is a solution, an antidote, offered to a ghost that thinks it actually exists.
The One that experiences itself as your body-mind is the same One that experiences itself in every other body-mind, form, or appearance that exists.
Just knowing that there is no gate to pass through doesn't mean that we are at the end of the search, not if we are still standing outside that gateless gate.
At the moment of enlightenment, everything is dropped-body, mind, all states, all things-everything. At that moment, there is no separate entity that can become enlightened, because there is no I that can experience it.
Nothing can be the total truth in the worlds of manifestation and the more solid your concepts, the more likely they are going to sink you, sooner or later.
Anything that appears and disappears cannot actually be you because it is being observed by you. By removing the attention from these things and noticing what remains, you are left only with what is permanent - the truth of who you are.
Even amazing states of bliss, peace, clarity and spaciousness have nothing to do with awakening as these are just experiences coming and going in the impersonal awareness that you are.
In enlightenment, the seer and the seen disappear. Or, more accurately, are seen through as illusions. In reality, they were never there, apart from being concept and misunderstanding.
Your inner voice and the spiritual guidance...will lead you to your goal.
 The Best Music you can ever hear in your Life is Silence -- silence of yourself, silence of your loved ones 
Whatever you do, put your inner work first.
Have a namaste day today. Look into the eyes of everyone you meet and silently honor his or her soul. Say silently, 'I honor the light within you, which is the same as the light within me. And I know, we are one.
Gary Sherman has written a truly insightful and helpful book that will positively change the lives of its readers. Although many books have wise teachings, few have accessible, reliable and transformative practices like this one. I highly recommend this book.
Consistent happiness is an art - An art that involves taking and maintaining control of which thoughts you give attention to and which thoughts you disregard
Rebuilding relationship requires a lifelong discipline and commitment.
Mindfulness isn't inherently Eastern, just as electricity isn't inherently Western. Mindfulness is a quality of presence that's innate in all human beings.
Choice is the doorway to our creative power. To unleash this power, we must begin from the state of beingness.
A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.
Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it's realistic or not.
When you can no longer tell the difference between being yourself and being love, you are not far from waking up.
Search not for happiness outside yourself, for nothing could be further from the truth.
Although we may wish for more or strive to do better than we have, in these times it is enough to keep your soul.
Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker. You are the stillness beneath the mental noise. You are the love and joy beneath the pain.
In order to do anything about the suffering of the world we must have the strength to face it without turning away.
There is a place where there is freedom of fear and doubt, and that is within.
Sweep the broomOver sand and stone.Softly, gently,Brush away the dust.Listen to the leavesAs they sing in the tree.Peace fills the soulWhen living well.
Know yourself fearlessly (even quietly) for all the things you are.
The world we live in might not be free from pain, but you have the ability to create for yourself a world free from struggle.
Your need for acceptance can make you invisible in this world. Don't let anything stand in the way of the light that shines through this form. Risk being seen in all of your glory.
No one lights a lamp in order to hide it behind the door: the purpose of light is to create more light, to open people's eyes, to reveal the marvels around.
The light of day showed you the limits of possibility. But walk through the dark, the absolute, total darkness, and the possibilities were limitless.
...light overcomes darkenss. A tiny match can illuminate the darkest room. As long as there is some light somewhere in the universe, [darkness] can be defeated.
Who can be close to you without the Divine Light of his heart?
It's not that we fear the place of darkness, but that we don't think we are worth the effort to find the place of light.
Winning is not always about shining the brightest. Sometimes it's about sharing the light with someone who has been waiting in the shadows all along.
The light of fire is a holy flame.
We sang the song as children of the mystery that we hoped to one day comprehend and now, at last, we know the answer. We, too, are twinkling stars like diamonds in the sky. We have the ability to recognize our own brilliance. We possess the same potential to light the darkest night skies.
May your lamp forever burn at night.
Life is but a light of love.
You understand what I'm telling you, Tommy? You have a light inside you, and the only person who gets to decide whether that light shines or not is you.
The blazing fire burns to light.
When the fire is lighted within your soul, can't help it, but to burn.
Now there were stars overhead, hanging like frozen spears of light, stabbing the night sky.
The light of life!
When you want the light, it's always there for you to find - Search inside for all the good.
Life will throw all kinds of obstacles our way. It's our job to scramble over them and hunt for the little miracles tucked away, then leave some reminders for the people that follow behind us.
You don't need to find the light, you ARE the light; and when you let your personality shine you can light up the world.
The light at the end of the tunnel is for those who believe that there is an existence of light.
If you encounter the light, you shall never walk in darkness.
If you want to give a light to others, you have to glow yourself.
This will not be the end of the clans as long as I have breath in my body"~jayfeather
All you need to know is The Light.
It's not how long it glows. It's not how long the light lasts. It's what it says while it's still visible.
The light of love is a flaming fire.
The sacred lamp burns to give light
I live in the realm of love and light.
The realm of love is light of miracles.
Anchor your life with love and light.
The path of light is the path of life.
There is deep darkness before the dawn of light.
May the light shines on the people siting in darkness.
The journey to the light starts with a candle. Once it's lit, darkness has gone forever.
Fight the darkness. Fight for the light.
We ought to walk in the bright light.
Arise and shine thy light.
Wherever you are, wherever you go, be sure to spread the light.
A day's brightness is determined by the light in our hearts.
Don't confuse the darkness that's leaving with the light that's coming in.
Be the light.
Sometimes you have to take a shot in the dark to discover the light.
Vulnerability lets in light.
Light your fire.
See your light.
The moment you realize that no matter how far away in the sea you look for the love you desire, it is impossible for you to reach it without exploring the deepness within, then you will either walk on the surface or sink deeply. The light will guide you nevertheless.
Shine bright like a diamond.
Be the light in someone's life.
Love is the heartbeat of life.
Love light.
No matter how dark your night, my friend, may you always find enough light to take the next step.
In my darkness, my pathway was marked by the brightness of light.
You are a great light, brighten the world.
The greatest sacredness is great love.
In photography and in life, always look for the light -- if you don't see it, bring it...
Deep darkness precedes the dawn of brightness light.
There was still light in the world, and the choice was hers to be a part of it.
The glorious light is sunshine.
What is knowledge but a lucid enunciation of ignorance of yesterday. If there is no darkness to dispel, there can be no light.
It's true. The storms won't last forever. The nasty weather will never last. There is always that light at the end of the tunnel.
Sometimes we will love people not for who they are, nor for what we gain from them but what they are. Those people that reflect a light. Those that make it easy to love, make us willing to give, and make us wanting to be in their presence.
Everyone breathing is broken. Keep breathing light into them until the stained glass collage takes your breath away.
My past is an echo of my perfect present being the shadow of my stellar future.
There's the light. There's the dark. And there's that bit in between... where you're trying to find the switch.Think about where you are.
The ticket to Utopia ia real Love that springs from within us.
Hope is the light, trusted guide in darkness.
Believe that you are someone worth saving.
The universe never complainsWhen you're wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light.
Love has glints of light that wake up our heart to feel the beauty of life.
There is love in everything, and when we really live and view life with an open heart (and live in our truth), the light illuminates the way.
Cherish the beauty and cherish the pain, both will give you experience and you will never be the same
There is no place so dark that light cannot lead the way.
The difference in our potential as angels or demons is the effect of time on the decisions we make.
Healing cannot occur by refusing to listen to the truth, unsettling as it may be.
Sometimes it's our darkest moments that make us shine.
Never allow fear to keep you from creating your own miracle. There are unlimited options at your disposal for creating any magical experience safely if you access the wisdom of your heart and make the choice to walk in the light.
We can honor our emotions after any traumatic event by moving through the experience centered in the heart with the goal of reaching the light on the other side.
Those that choose to walk in the light will experience light.Those that choose the opposite path create for themselves the opposite experience.
In the morning, celebrate the beauty and warmth of sun light,in the evening, celebrate the song of silence and love of night.
When you see the sadness in life, be compassionate. When you see the darkness, become the light and be passionate.
Where love is the light, love is the way. Happiness is there; sadness flies away.
Love is the light and source of life, and happiness is the delight and essence of life.
Knowledge is the value of a diamond but wisdom is the beauty and light it reflects.
There is light in every soul.
Celebrate your life, you are your own light.
When darkness falls, beauty is lit from within.
Heaven . . . is the same feeling. . . . No fear. No dark. When you know you are loved . . . that's the light.
If you do not see light at the end of the tunnel, consider it an opportunity to create an opening yourself, wherever you want.
Hell in life indicates a state of suffering, of agony, of torture (by others, by circumstances, or by ourselves), and of insipid colors and little joy. Hell is a heavy vibration that drags us spiraling down from the highest to the lowest, darkest vibrations..
Darkness can inspire light, and light can inspire darkness, its just a difference of distant of these two contrasting forces.
With enough hope, you can set a fire to find the way out of the darkness.
In the Darkness, there's always a Light which Shines Bright!
I embrace my shadow self. Shadows give depth and dimension to my life. I believe in embracing my duality, in learning to let darkness and light, peacefully co-exist, as illumination.
Grace is darkness and light, peacefully co-existing, as illumination.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our Darkness, that most frightens us. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Turning my head so I can look into his eyes, I strum my fingers across his cheek. You're right. I think we've both had enough darkness. I want to live in light.
Light will someday split you open
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that refledts it.
The happiness in our hearts is there for we dare to dream in light when the world tells us to scream in the darkness.
It takes great courage and determination, to keep looking for light in all the darkness of life.
It's not our mission to change or direct another person's path. There is no wrong way or right way. We each have our own life journey and our mission is to just become a LIGHT that enlightens other people's pathways.
Sometimes, there is a lot of darkness in this world. As I see it, you have two choices. You can be a part of that darkness or you can be the light. Be the light.
Before you can see the Light, you have to deal with the darkness.
Through adversity, not only are we given an opportunity to discover our inner strength, we are also given the gift of foresight so we can shine a light for others who go through the experience after us.
There's a light somewhere.It may not be much light butit beats the darkness.
See people in the light of their potentials, not their problems.
Do not hide your light for fear of what others may think of you. Let it shine and be a reflection of what is possible.
Open up and wake up with blazing beauty just remember no one is perfect and you are the most beautiful creature on this planet.
A king who trusts no man is weak.
Don't Trust Other..Make Others to Trust you..
For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.
Never assume but trust your instincts.
In our weeks of talk, movies and friendship, I watched as Wilma turned a medical ordeal into one more event in her life, but not its definition. I believe she was teaching me an intimate form of The Way. In her words: "Every day is a good day - because we are part of everything alive.
Trust your gut feelings.
The first principle of life is love. The second principle is kindness. The third principle is compassion. The fourth principle is trust. The firth principle is integrity.
Have the discipline to listen to and to trust your instincts.
To offer our very selves to another in love is to place that sacred trust in their hands; hands that may falter, leaving us rejected, ridiculed, abandoned and ashamed. In that very moment of surrendering to love we become vulnerable, our hearts and needs exposed to someone who may not cherish the gift we offer.
Trust grows by trusting.
Trust your instincts.
To be strong, love. To win trust, believe.
Take a chance. Don't fear change. Life won't hand you your dreams. Every time a door closes or you let go of something, you will find that there is room for new possibilities to enter. You aren't saying goodbye. You are saying hello.
The trust I have...for some people...comes down to how well I know them, and then it's a matter of my trusting them to do what I think they're going to do.
When you tell your dreams you gotta tell people you trust, 'cause sometimes they'll snatch your dream right away from you.
I need you to love me the same waythe moon orbits around the earth,without intention to stop."Confessing the heart
Some of us don't trust others unless there's a reason to trust them.I prefer to trust others until they give me a reason not to.
All of life is a trust fall, and I'm awakening to the thrill, rather than the fear, of being suspended midair.
A benefit of friendship is knowing whom to tell secrets to.
Friendship makes you feel as one with your friend.
If I didn't work on the assumption that people were mostly telling me the truth, I think I'd go mad... And I'd rather be mistaken about others than mistrustful of them.
This life is like a game, so you better play it right!
Let's live to believe leaving all lies behind
If you desire something, and trust that it will come to you, then you will have it.
In the end, Mothers are always right. No one else tells the truth.
When you trust someone, you don't need to know everything.
Non-attachment grounded in faith allows good to return to you.
At times,trust is bound to be broken,promises are bound not to be kept,hearts are bound to be hurt,mistakes are bound to be make.You are also bound to meet a person at their worst in order for you to confirm that you want to be part of their lives.
You can do it alone. But it's going to be so much harder.
Manifestation is an act of trust. It is the soul pouring itself out into its world, like a fisherman casting a net to gather in the fish he seeks; with each cast properly made, we will bring what we need to us, but first we must hurl ourselves into the depths without knowing just what lies beneath us.
Love and truth are intimately connected. You cannot have pure love without pure truth and you cannot have pure truth without pure love.
People who tell untruths are easily deceived because they have placed their energy in that negative vibration location and are now a match for that behavior.
Ask for no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping it's life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.
Trust and believe, and you will achieve.
Dare to be brave today, and trust that when you extend your wings, you will fly.
I'm an idiot like you said, so whatever you say about me doesn't matter, but you know... Don't you dare point a gun at your own brother!
Fear is like a weed in a garden. Once you allow it to take root, it spreads, replicating itself, until, eventually, it chokes out all the other life there. Trust, love, kindness - none of those things can ever really bloom in a garden of fear.
Know your magic, trust your magic, use your magic and know that you are a manifestation of life's magic.
Sometimes our highest goal becomes our big enemy when we move towards our goal blindly without focusing on the path we follow.
Living is the act of continuous creation moment by moment, day by day.
Sometimes u have to hurt your loved ones just because you don't want to hurt yourself, it's like putting a step backward to jump forward ..
Embrace each other with love, smiles and warm hug.
Any woman can open her mouth and speak to a man. It takes a special woman to open her mouth and strengthen a man.
Giving without expectation leads to receiving without limitation.
It's a pleasure to create a smile on people's face, and a gratification to see it on the people you love.
The poor will will provide you with what they don't have and what you need. The rich will give you what they have and what you want.
The poor will provide you what they don't have and what you need while the rich will give you what they have and what you want.
Love' Two perfectly happy people ready to gamble
When i dated someone, my goal is to marry her, i date to get married one day, i don't date a girl just to have sex and leave her, why wasting your time if the goal is not to get married?
I know you would be watching over me all through this journey called life... whenever I look next to me, I feel like you arehere... and a part of you is within me in the form of this child... Love is like the wind... you may not see it... especially in the absence of the other... but you always feel it around...
Pheromones didn't care about tomorrow. They didn't care about education or employment or age.
What he wanted was Megan wanting him... but not needing him. Not vulnerable to him. Sure as help not trying to leave him over and over again... and simply failing.
Life is beautiful,though the circumstances and situations around us may not say so,but life is certainly beautiful
Creativity is an integral part of existence and it emanates from the mind.
To me, love was a drug. Jett was my drug.
His eyes sparkled again, and in that instant I felt a strong urge to get up and leave him behind. I had been wrong to think what Sean and I had was special. He wasn't 'the one'. He couldn't be. 'The one' would never leave me behind.
Every person is a star; it just depends upon how close you are to him, that you realize his true potential and power.
In a seemingly dark and troubled world, there are hundreds and thousands of lightworkers, standing strong, refusing to dim their lights. Look for the light workers they are all around you. Follow them back to the light.
Once we learn the beautiful language of love, we may understand the language of everyone's heart
Though you are as a drop in the ocean, without you, the universe would be empty.
A tree does not despair when a few of its leaves fall off because there is more room for greener ones to take their place.
The quieter the mind the louder the soul.
Whether your cup is half-full or half-empty, remind yourself there are others without one.
If your coming into the world was a mistake, then you are the most beautiful error in the universe.
The real strength of a man is not in the size of his muscles, but in the size of his heart.
When you have higher thoughts, rid yourself of anything that threatens to lower them.
Keep negative people in your prayers, not in your life.
Raise your love so high that anger cannot reach it.
Suddenly (like walking into a light you know) you discover this: the certainty that nothing is certain, the deep relief of your own incredible smallness." (From "Even If You Could Explain It Completely")
Spiritual highs help you overcome emotional lows.
Our highest deeds come from helping the lowest people.
Love's light conquers hate's darkness.
The soul's joys are greater than the heart's pleasures.
The heart smiles when the soul shines.
Letting go facilitates the evolution of the soul.
Hope is the light that flickers and burns eternally, when you remain steadfast with faith.
To shine always love always.
Karma can be seen as a curse or a gift a curse because it keeps us attached to this world and a gift because it creates links with our loved ones it's like a chain that binds us all together. Abdullah Fort
The golden door of harvest for the planet, it felt so ready to be opened ...
Don't seek, let go & what you are searching for will find you.
We all have a mission. And that mission is to love ourselves, love each other, help one another and leave this world in a better place because we lived on it.
Some things must remain the same in order for the universe to flow properly. One pebble dashed out across the ocean leaves a lifetime of ripples. They call it the butterfly effect.
In strength the body only knows itself, is full of itself, its movements, its words, but in weakness is the invisible and the whisperings.
Love and intuition are born of the same source. Of all the gifts you will receive in this life, love is the only one with everlasting power. Love is your companion in this world and into the next.
Keep the dream alive and the heart open
One would say You had not left me for a single instant. "Did you doubt it?
Good luck is the expression of your divinity within.
Flow with change or be dragged.
The most exciting and most defining part of our spirituality comes from the journey we take.
Every situation you encounter is necessary for your spiritual journey on earth.
Happiness is a state of mental,physical and spiritual well-being. Think pleasantly,engaged sport and read daily to enhance your well-being.
Nourish your soul, mediate daily.
When you trust your gut, follow your heart, and use your head, magic happens!
The goal of the soul is to work toward enlightenment.
Awakening of consciousness originated from "pain"..
When you act on an intuitive impulse, you are celebrating one of the thoroughly joyful aspects of life on this planet. That calm, guiding inner voice is a natural part of you and deserves to be honored. What is not natural is ignoring it.
Make the right choicesFor the right reasonsand the right things will happen.
I have finally figured out the meaning of life: there's no such thing. And that's a beautiful thing, because that means that WE get to choose it ourselves. Life has no meaning besides the meaning you give it. You are indeed the author of your destiny. So why not write a book worth reading?
As long as you feed your light and allow it to breathe, if you do not cover it, it will continue to flicker and dance, mesmerizing, warming, soothing, healing...bringing light to others.
...keep your eye on the shore and know that you are a little closer to it today than you were yesterday. Just know that this too shall pass and one way or another, you will move on from this place. It is inevitable.
sometimes we doubt the truth in the face of this earth, but not to worry. the important thing is to follow your conscience to walk in the truth
Life is a breath.
You have to love what you do, to give your best.
Love yourself.Love who you are.
My wishes before I die, to fulfill my mission on earth; The writing of my life stories to inspired present and future generations.
The vessel dies, but the Spirit lives on.
You can create a life you love. You can manifest your dreams!
Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.
Do not waste your life waiting for wings. Trust that you can already fly.
Usually when someone is angry we hear their angry words. Instead, try hearing the unspoken, I am scared, I am frustrated, I am insecure, I am vulnerable, I am threatened.
The glass is neither half empty, nor half full. The glass is just a glass and it's content can perpetually change with your perception.
To ascend you must rise above, and I believe in the idea of keeping your feet in the clouds and your head in the stars.
There is no "I", there's only "we". Meaning all you can touch, and all that you see is a part of you, and a part of me.
Controlling unwanted thoughts is not the problem. Believing, thrusting, and taking direction from them is.
You have everything when you embrace the full circle of life.
Make sure when you reach for the stars, you keep both feet firmly planted on the ground.
When I remove the layers that say I can't, I discover a burning ember that says I should, I can, and I will.
Belief can convert the mundane into the miraculous.
You won't find your soul in a textbook, self-help book, or buy it in a store. Sometimes, it's just a matter of looking past the anger, regret, and envy to see its smiling face.
Whenever you are seeking for too long, it is because you are rushing. Whenever you are not finding, it is because you don't want to seek.
When you don't ask for advice, but get it anyway, it has more to do with the needs and wants of the giver than you the receiver.
Action, not philosophy will get you going. Pick yourself up and move forward. That is the only way you can still enjoy life while you are blessed to be living it.
The only certainty in life is that it is uncertain.
The fear of being alone is a great obstacle to attracting the relationship that is right for you.
Staring at the light of another blinds the view of our own.
Although to our automatic brain, change always means potential danger. In order to calm that brain, it means embracing change so to turn on the light in our mind and open the door to our true potential.
Guilt is to your health as a thief is to your wealth.
You are awareness, disguised as a person.
Mother Nature is our teacher-reconnecting us with Spirit, waking us up and liberating our hearts. When we can transcend our fear of the creatures of the forest, then we become one with all that is; we enter a unity of existence with our relatives-the animals, the plants and the land that sustains us.
Do not be concerned with how others treat you. Be only concerned with how you treat others.
You don't need to know what you want. You only need to know what you don't want...
Don't wait for the law of attraction to happen to you; make it happen for you, by taking action. Once you do this, you will experience the law of revelation.
Be strong within ones self, but never forget where ones true strength comes from.
When you are where wild bears liveyou learn to pay attention to the rhythm of the land and yourself. Bears not only make the habitat rich, they enrich us just by being.
The innate longing within every soul is to awaken from the spirit's slumber and then to journey home.
If you do not pray, you easily become a prey!
It is not for you to determine your purpose, the reason for your existence. You discover your purpose by asking the Creator why he created you!
... In love, everyone does things that hurt the other person, so there really is no "Right" and "Wrong". You just have to decide what you're willing to forgive
The truest grace is not to forgive, but to have never found fault.
You never know how long you have-there might not BE a later-so don't let things go unsaid or unforgiven.
Nothing releases like forgive. Nothing renews like forget.
I respect all the innocent souls because they are kind enough to forgive the selfish people around them.
View your life with KINDSIGHT. Stop beating yourself up about things from your past. Instead of slapping your forehead and asking, What was I thinking, breathe and ask yourself the kinder question, What was I learning?
Man needs the mercy of his Maker.
Forgiveness doesn't mean what happened wasn't wrong or didn't matter. If it wasn't wrong or didn't hurt, there wouldn't be anything to forgive.
Forgiveness for ourselves and other is one of the main elements in growth. It allows us to free ourselves of the issues that are holding us down.
As long as you're still alive, you always have the chance to start again.
You can't heal hurt with hate.
You turned your guilt into resentment, because that seems easier to face. You won't move on until you turn it back into guilt, and then into forgiveness for yourself.
Love comes from within, respect comes from within, acceptance comes from within, forgiveness comes from within; reach inside for Your Truth and find your Royalty.
Unforgiveness is so much stress, I tell you. You just keep going round in circles instead of taking a straight path which forgiveness offers.
To forgive is an act of compassion... It's not done because people deserve it. It's done because they need it.
Do hugs, not drugs. Spread love, not legs. Respect, don't judge. Listen more, talk less. Understand, don't assume. Forgive and forget..!!
Forgiveness is like the martial arts of consciousness. In aikido and other martial arts, we sidestep our attacker's force rather than resisting it. The energy of the attack then boomerangs back in the direction of the attacker. forgiveness works in the same way. When we attack back, and defense is a form of attack, we initiate a war which no one can win.
Forgiveness heals all wounds and make you healthy.
Forgiveness takes away the burdens of past.
To forgive others, you must forgive yourself first.
So forgive and forget the past baggage of life to refresh your life.
If you can't love yourself, how can you love others? If you can't forgive yourself, how can you forgive others?
The only way we can change an enemy to a friend is by forgiveness.
Speak with silence, listen with heart, and forgive with kindness.
When we are kind and forgiving, we will be forgiven.
If you cannot forgive others, how can you forgive yourself?
He who possesses forgiveness is able to enjoy true happiness.
To lose--get angry and fight back. To win--forgive with love.
The best revenge is true forgiveness.
When you forgive your enemy, you may no longer have one.
Laugh it off, Life gets better.
You must first forgive yourself in order to forgive others.
A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another than this, that when the injury began on his part, the kindness begins on ours.
The only person we have the right or the power to forgive is ourselves. For everything else there is the Art of Acceptance.
You fall flat on your face, and it's not the first time you've done it, Never let your past press you down.
Yesterday is done. Today has just begun. I am not going let anyone's negative issues do anything to me other than inspire me to do better.
Never judge the life of another man. You never know his struggles.
Never judge the life of another man.
It is better to show 'you care' than say 'I care'.
When you forgive, you do not change the past, but you change your future".
We ought to love one another
I am speaking from experience when I say that forgiveness offered - especially when so undeserved - cuts chains off the human heart that no other power in any universe anywhere can rattle much less break.
When the actions of others no longer matter, then you will have succeeded within your own mind.
You've got to enjoy whatever you can and forget about the rest.
If you're brave enough to love, and forgive, and call up the factofabulous memories... there's no curse in the world that has any power over you.
Forgive me, Magnus.''I don't know if I can.''You must.'Still looking into the distance, he said, 'You need my forgiveness?''No. I'm dead. You can do nothing for me. You need to forgive me so you can live.
Unconditional love and forgiveness are the sources of eternal happiness.
Always be kind. Every one needs it. Practice forgiveness.
Happiness is a state of awareness, which comes from tranquility, service, love, grace, and forgiveness.
Forgiveness means that you are willing to give someone else a second chance to breathe in new life in his body. That is one of the greatest attribution of a Leader.
Keep dreaming,Keep hoping,Keep lovingKeep giving,keep motivating,Keep forgiving,Keep praying,Keep tithing,Keep sharing your testimony.
What I've learned over the years is that people shouldn't be defined by a single mistake. Everyone messes up," she said. "You have to forgive yourself and move one.
All hatred is self-hatred, just as all healing is self-healing.
Forgiveness is one of the keys to moving forward because if you don't forgive, you are stuck in the past.
Know how you want to be treated, and expect that when you deal with people. Also remember to give people the respect that you want.
Dogs are special that way-you can ignore them or yell at them, they always forgive you. -Madison
Forgiveness is not about letting anybody 'off the hook.' Forgiveness actually has nothing to do with the person you are forgiving. It does, however, have everything to do with you.
Never waste time holding grudges for people who have wronged you.Time waits for no one.Apologise when you are wrong,Express your love when you should,Forgive the ones who wronged you,And appreciate the one who makes efforts to see you smile.
A mistake does not make a shadow. The people who you hurt through the mistake and what they decide to say about it is what leaves a shadow. The only way to erase that shadow is to shed light on it. If that is not possible, moving on to somewhere brighter is always an option.
Sin builds up. Forgiveness cleans up.
Forgiveness is alchemy of the soul in which the feeling of possibility returns to the human spirit.
It's the easiest thing in the world to be kind to someone, to show love, to forgive. You are born with this instinct - it should be your first reaction. NOT violence, anger and hatred! That is something we are taught, it's a Choice You Make.
People are already disappointed by their acquaintances, they can not handle anymore hate from stranger, so show some instantaneous kindness and forgiveness to them.
We watched, and he taught us like he did every day we were with him. He showed us how to forgive.
Forgiveness is a process that we have to learn to act upon daily. Anger is weakened by forgiveness. When you forgive, you free yourself from carrying around the torment that the offense has caused you.
Living in love, gratitude and forgiveness, is peaceful and spiritually rejuvenating. Living under the emotional constraints of anger and resentment is draining and toxic to heart and soul. It can be difficult to let go of past hurts, but it can also be freeing and uplifting. More and more, i choose to live in love, gratitude and forgiveness.
While we are all in the process of becoming as ever-changing, ever-evolving beings... it's essential to remember that we are also enough, just as we are, right now, in this moment. When we are able to accept ourselves as we are, we are better able to accept others, as they are. Personal growth thrives in an environment of love, acceptance and forgiveness.
Forgiveness is a gift we give ourselves to release us from the shackles of our past. The pain of those who wounded us may linger but it needn't overshadow our happiness.
Don't miss a chance at happiness because of your past misery.
Forgiveness of sins is great, but I'd rather have the ability to quit doing the things I keep needing forgiveness for.
I don't want you to feel sorry for me. I want you to forgive yourself for being human, just like you would forgive anyone else.
You are helpful, and you are loved, and you are forgiven, and you are not alone.
Forgiveness in no way requires you to trust the one you forgive. It doesn't mean the relationship must be restored. p. 61
Forgiveness is a gift we can only give to ourselves.
Unforgiveness,splinter in your breastbone, lives there lodged like a small tree.Withers in winter, looms in spring. Its fruit is sweet on first bite, then turns into the taste of your own flesh.
True repentance isn't just saying, "I'm sorry". It's. saying "I'm sorry, I'll never, ever do that again because my relationship with you means more to me than anything".
Nakao: Koizumi, I'm so sorry I said such cruel things.Otani: What's that?Nakao: The whispering of your heart.
But life isn't about learning to forgive those who have hurt you or forgetting your past. It's about learning to forgive yourself for being human and making mistakes.
Forgiveness is empowering for the forgiver. Years of resentment, frustration, and pain are set FREE!
Parenting is a giant responsibility forever, so we need to learn how to drop the guilt and go easy on ourselves when we mess up.
He was gone and did not have time to tell him what I had just now realized: that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth.
For anyone who feels lost in their own way, going back to who you are and what you love or moving forward to whoever you are meant to be or meant to love, is the purpose of being lost. We lose ourselves, so we can find out who we truly are. And when by fate we do, we discover the best version of ourselves.
In the middle of this journey, we lose a bit of ourselves. We do not know where we are or where we're headed. We look for directions, seek for guidance, and if we're lucky, we find it without too much time lost. And if we're truly lucky, we gain our whole selves back, with an ounce of wisdom on top.
Everyone who lives long enough to love deeply will experience great losses. Don't let fear of loss, or the losses themselves, take away your ability to enjoy the wonderful life that is yours.
My life's an open book. Some of the pages are a little ripped, but it's open.
I stand, and wait among the sea foam. I swim in my own tears-I sing without my voice. I do not reach for higher ground, because I have lapped in the churning waters.
Because we had known the good times, I think my brother and I felt the loss more acutely. My father's waning presence, his chronic absence, his disappearance. Now he was just a memory.
With time one ages, and with age one comes closer to their end. With time one builds a family, a house, a name and with age one learns to live without them.
Sometimes the worst failures in our lives turn out to be for the best. Sometimes our path leads through darkness, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't walk it. Sometimes our path leads to loss. But that doesn't mean we've gone astray.
How many paths had I avoided in life? How many times had I been content to stop at "close enough"--too afraid to push ahead? Too afraid to let go?Too afraid to give up . . . control.
There's some comfort in seeing things go on; birds keep singing, buses keep running. But if you want those things to continue, perhaps you have to accept that the other kinds of things, unhappier, even horrific ones, will continue too. And that's harder.
Sorrowful tears drench the earth, rise again in the form of hope
Wisdom often comes from those with the least to lose.
The only person you should ever fear losing in a relationship is you yourself.
If everything else were still the same, he'd have felt Zee's absence like a gaping hole. But if he could continue to reconfigure his entire life, there would be no missing place where Zee had been.
It was a tragic end to a heroic life.
With the ambitions, to seize the opportunity to win is your big loss.
Tonight I attend my thirty-fifth high school reunion with some trepidation.I have not seen most of these former classmates for thirty-some years. I am not the same young girl they knew in high school. What they cannot know, what I am just realizing myself, is that I am not even the same person I was two years ago.
Allow yourself some happiness, so that I can be a part of it.
Loss is merely a tool for evaluation, organization, determination and actualization towards being the best you that you can possibly be.
I work so hard for profits because my dreams are expensive.
When life hands you the unthinkable you must find new ways to see.
A feeling of pleasure or solace can be so hard to find when you are in the depths of your grief. Sometimes it's the little things that help get you through the day. You may think your comforts sound ridiculous to others, but there is nothing ridiculous about finding one little thing to help you feel good in the midst of pain and sorrow!
There is nothing like feeling truly "awake" and aware of my life and what it means to me. So I look ahead and think, "There is still so much to be done, and I will continue to make the most of it.
I would still rather feel things and live life to the fullest rather than hide in a cave and attempt to protect myself from the uncertainties of the world.
We never truly "get over" a loss, but we can move forward and evolve from it.
I believe I gather strength from the generations of women who came before me - that together we all hold the suffering of the world.
It is true that the grief journey is very lonely, but it is also up to you to decide just how lonely you will make it.
I used to feel afraid of the future, always assuming the worst. But now I've realized that my worst fears have already happened, and I've survived them! I've walked into the fire and made it out alive. Only the loss of a close loved one could have "woken me up" to reality in the same way.
The truth is, we never know what life will bring us and we don't have as much control as we might think we have. But we CAN choose how we walk through life and how we spend our time.
It is okay to release your feelings when you feel the waves coming. It's all part of the process of having to let go of your relationship with your loved one as you once knew it. And remember, letting go is not the same thing as forgetting!
The intense roller coaster of emotions will gradually lesson over time. But there is no timeframe for the grieving process, and it will not be rushed, no matter how fast you'd like to "get over it." The reality is that there is no getting over it; you can only walk through it.
You have to do what feels right for you. Do not let anyone influence you otherwise. It is your mind, your heart, and your own internal wisdom that will lead you in the direction you need to go.
I began to recognize that there was a part of me that was stronger than I ever could have imagined. I didn't know how I was still standing. I surprised myself. I was waking up to the fact that I was in charge of my own life and it was my choice whether to sink or float.
Once you have walked down the grief path, what you have gained on your journey may turn into invaluable advice for someone else.
I began to feel that nature itself was nurturing me, reminding me that life still offered beauty and calm, and that I was also made out of these elements.
Each loss brings growth with it, and learning to handle new experiences and taking charge of your needs is part of the transformative process.
Remember to view yourself and your humanness with a kind heart.
Learning to live again wholeheartedly includes letting love flow freely in and out of your heart.
Some of the choices you make might not always turn out to be the best ones, but at least you are learning as you go.
There's no way around grief and loss: you can dodge all you want, but sooner or later you just have to go into it, through it, and, hopefully, come out the other side. The world you find there will never be the same as the world you left.
I realized, it is not the time that heals, but what we do within that time that creates positive change.
How we respond to grief can shape our present
If he didn't love so deeply, he couldn't grieve so deeply. But he's drowning in it.
There are degrees of obsession, of awareness, of grief, of insanity.
Synthesis is the gateway to Transcendence, because once you accept that you are forever changed and that life is forever different, you have to ask, "What are you going to do about that fact? Will the change be for the better or for worse?" It's the loss itself that becomes the catalyst for meaning. (pg 273)
Kenny rested his hand on my leg, patting it delicately. His thoughts staying just that, thoughts, as we drove in silence, back to my prison of paradise, back to the one place I knew I could be happy, yet miserable, all in the same day.
I grief for the foolishness of my ignorance.
Remember to add the most important ingredient to every recipe you make - your love!
It's okay to cry. Giving in to the tears is terrifying,like freefalling to earth without a parachute. But it's vital to our wellbeing as we process the deep anguish.
Just as it is impossible to explain childbirth to a woman who has never given birth, it is impossible to explain child loss to a person who has never lost a child.
The morning after Jim's death, as I dried off after my shower, I wondered to what extent, if at all, Jim was.around. Could he be with us, unseen or unsensed by us, but able to observe? Most importantly at this moment, could he possibly see me naked?
Maybe there is no one way to deal with grief, but knowing that we're not totally alone is the best we can do.
Stories aren't facts, Cait, they're not details. Stories are feelings. You've got your feelings, haven't you?""Too many," I said."Well, that's all you need." He put his hand on mine. "Cry yourself a story, love. It works. Believe me."So that's what I did, I cried myself a story.And this is it.
Grief, we know where we've been. We know where we want to be.
On grief. We know where we've been. We know where we want to be.
I will always wear this scar. It's called love.
It may be difficult, but thru sorrow, it's important to find happiness in our memories and be very thankful to have them!
But in all of the sadness, when you're feeling that your heart is empty, and lacking, You've got to remember that grief isn't the absence of love. Grief is the proof that love is still there.
You can't make anything if you're lost to yourself. You'll want to again, it's who you are. Wren, grieving is hard. Complex. Takes its own time.
When we start rating each other's lives and afflictions, we lose a bit of our humanity, compassion and perspective.
The deeper the grief, the more radiant the love.
Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.
In order to heal, you have to first be broken.
People come and go from our lives all the time. It's not our fault that people leave. The Universe is just making room for new people with new lessons.
Never compare your grief.You - and only youwalk your path.
When my mother died, I thought I'd drown in sorrow. But my grandmother said something very wise, and I've always held it close to my heart. She said that not even the sea is infinite, and neither is grief.
There is greater clarity in the still waters of sadness, something not found in the babbling brooks of more sought after emotions.
I pulled a dirty black sweatshirt from the laundry basket on my son's floor and tried to drink in his scent, to savor the essence of my sweet boy. I inhaled it long and hard, wanting to permanently implant all of him in my brain, to make him last forever.
When we share in each other's grief and pain, we lighten it. Or maybe we just give each other permission to feel it fully and, through that act of acceptance, the grief becomes more bearable. Because, like the rain, tears too have an end. And with deep emotions, we are open to each other in unexpected ways.
I've attempted to flood the path with light where I could, and where I could not I've wanted at least to hold up a candle so that others coming this way might not stumble too painfully.
Many people tried comforting us with words. But there are no consoling words! I really just wanted people to be quiet. I appreciated those who cried with me, hugged me, and offered a brief prayer, but words were unnecessary.
The death of loved ones often awakens the death inside of us.
May the beauty of the flowers remind us of the beauty of our loved one's spirit
...it is love, imperfect and unordered, that keeps them apart, even as it holds them somehow together...
I wish I believed him. He's looking at me like he can see where I begin.
This rose of pearl-coated infinity transformsthe diseased slums of a broken heartinto a palace made of psalms and gold.
She could almost feel him prodding her; urging her to go on. As the wails of pain and torment assulted her ears, she knew that's exactly what she would do until the war was over and she could crawl into a quiet, dark corner and mourn for the part of her that had died with him.
I think a person can do one of two things in life ... make your own choices despite the past or let your past make your choices for you. Very few poeple go through life completely untouched by something bad. It's just up to the individual on how much of that bad you want to define who you are where it should be that YOU define who you are.
Don't allow the pride, ego and insecurities of others stunt your growth.
A man ought to learn from his mistakes.
Oscar may be the world's most glorious way of honoring your work, but the real award for a filmmaker is the contentment which you receive from making your film.
Neurons giveth and neurons taketh away.
Be skeptic, be doubtful, be rebellious towards every single dogma of the society. Only then there will be hope of progress for humanity.
What is the point of having a civilization, if we do not practice being civilized!
Now, go get inspired!
The choices we make impact not only our life but everyone we come into contact with daily!
Start working my friend - start working towards humanizing the world. Because the world needs humans - conscientious humans, not some dumb manikins, driven by prejudice and discrimination.
Become a human and call upon the humans in others. And in time the world shall become a real abode of peace.
All answers that you seek can only be found within.
You can inspire millions through positivity and live in abundance, I did. Life is great.
What if no one is coming to discover your hidden talents, to acknowledge your untapped potential, to heal you, to save you from yourself? What if the saviour was always supposed to be you? What if that's why it hasn't worked out with anyone else?
Truth is a T-Rex. Let it out and you won't need to defend it. It'll defend itself.
I Am Female. Empowered, powerful, and greatness!
Man and woman are the two wheels of society. If either one becomes defective, the society cannot make progress.
Respect yourself and the whole world will respect you.
Dare to exercise rational thinking.
First know the Self and then talk of social reformation.
If you're not busy being born, you're busy dying.
And like anyone who is in valiant pursuit of a dream, the ups and downs come and go, but the dream lives in the heart forever.
Every season has an end~for a harvest to begin. Embrace the process!
Let the moonlight sparkyour creativity..your imagination..your energy..and your love for others.
Dream..Manifest...Believe you can...Do it..and inspire others
Never let the light in your eyes fade...You are beautiful just the way youare..
There is no need to tell someone how to do his job if you have properly trained your team
Don't ever scared to dream because everything is possible no matter how bizarre.
YOU are a signature to be dealt with and inspire, only when you move in to your authenticity.
Sometimes in life, we need to be pushed to conquer our fears, challenge our nightmares, realized our dreams and achieved our goals, in order to be the best we can be. - CG Murphy
I sweat in tears to get what I want.
Greatness is inspiring others to be their best.
People will say anything, especially if they think it's what you want to hear. What we do is what matters. The proof of words is in actions.
Give importance to those peoplewho give importance to you.
Why should i expect yes cos everything i get no
Be thankful.
Let not our trials of this day be our final sentence. For our difficulties of today is definitely shared by another in our world. Therefore, be encouraged and don't give up because tomorrow a new dawn will surely shine, and once we have life we have the most precious gift-Genevieve Sarpong.
We need new ideas and new creativities to help address contemporary issues.
There is always exception to every rule.
We write from soul of the heart.
The future will be better tomorrow.
You are capable of good deeds.
You ought to move onwards!
The creative mind is a divine force.
Life is too short to complicate it.
The life you live will be enrich with every journey you made.
Keep going. No matter what you do, no matter how many times you screw up and think to yourself "there's no point to carry on", no matter how many people tell you that you can't do it - keep going. Don't quit. Don't quit because a month from now you will be that much closer to your goal than you are now. Yesterday you said tomorrow. Make today count.
He who want to be served must first know how to serve.
I keep my hope alive.
In the midst of the storm, our anchor is hope.
Writing the next lines and words of your life is something only you can do. We write our own stories.
We can all make a difference in the lives of others in need, because it is the most simple of gestures that make the most significant of differences.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will," she says.The sky is like a monochromatic contemporary painting, drawing me in with its illusion of depth, pulling me up. "Yeah, that's true," I say. But then after I think about it for a second, I add, "But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.
Today, I challenge you to pay it forward. You don't need to save a village-only one lost soul. Be the reflection of Christ and shine His light. The cost is little, but the reward is rich.
To be who you are, let go of what you were.
Life is a journey. It's up to you where you go.
Live your best life.Live your dreams.
The secret is not to think, we think in words. And what lies beyond the reality we see is a truth that words can't contain, the secret is to feel.
You can rise above any situation and achieve your dreams.
Be inspire to explore your world.
i know i can't do much, but i can do a little and i'm going to do as much of that as i can.but if we all do that--we can make a big difference.
I never want to leave you."  I didn't respond- not because I couldn't find the words, but because there weren't any words in the entire world that could have sounded more perfect.
The sum of a man isn't the things he's done, it is the world he leaves behind.
Nothing that you confess... can make me love you any less.
Putting everything on hold to achieve the one thing you think will make you happy will actually mean that you're miserable along the way to getting there, and when you get there, you might find that the thing wanted doesn't make you as happy as you thought it would. Or worse, you've completely forgotten how to be happy.
Write, what you feel about. Feel, what you have written about.
Replace the word can't with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know will ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There's so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Don't stop yourself from greatness before you've begun from fear or from self-doubt. You were put here on this planet to do great things, to pioneer change by way of your own personal uniqueness, and to express yourself and share your happiness with others.
People have struggled for the benefits of others, you can struggle at least for your own benefit.
The transformed person is a revolutionary only because he has revolutionized himself. He gives the people inspiration by holding up a mirror to their inner substance.
It's paramount we take ownership of our lives. Sadness is greatly due to our having sacrificed ourselves over to a power outside of ourselves. We need to be proactive in creating positive thoughts and actions that will align ourselves with where we want to be and what we want to feel in life.
Though we are emotional beings, we are not our emotions. Remember this the next time you find yourself struggling.
Every idea is in the soul of its owner. No other power can shift it to another soul, that is why we have the telephone, aircraft, etc, each having its unique inventor.
It's not enough to say it; you would need to take it out of your mouth, you would need to become it. You would need to become what you were born to be.
People not only stood to respect it but perhaps their thoughts and heartbeats came to standstill, and only inspiration and patriotism was flowing through their veins.
Why do people only understand what they want to......instead of what they could or should understand?
Take too much time, and time will take you.
Because I figure there's two kinds of people in the world. The ones who do everything that's laid out for them, the supposed-tos, and then there's the people that look above it and do what they want to do. I prefer the latter, but maybe that's just me. A not-supposed to.
Leadership is an art expressed by the demonstration of characters worthy of immitation, emulation and inspiration. It is neither a title nor a postion.
We are equal beings and the universe is our relations with each other.
Think the highest thought you can think,Feel into it, then expand it.Do this every morning.
Your soul is a precious gift from an imaginative loving Source that endlessly breathes life.
To which hand do I choose to strike with when both hands are guided by the same heart?
It is not about whether you call yourself a leader or not. It is about what you have to show to people as a leader. Leadership is contagious, you carry it and share it.
You will never be satisfied with anything less than the highest you can attain.
We're all made the same but then born to change. Which then don't make us the same.
Knowledge comes from learning - Ignorance is born from not wanting to know the difference!
Live what you love.
One should not have to live in the dark.
Some say their world's will end with fire, some say with ice. From what I've tasted with desire I hold with those who favor fire. My world may not be ending, even though it feels like it. I do know this however, what doesn't kill you only mke you stronger.
A good man is called a man by his works
i'm sorryif iwasn't the daughteryou hadin mind-i only ever wanted to make you proud-
Flower will not grow, if the stem doesn't allow
if you love someone so much and they love you as the same dont let go of them fite for them showem how you true feel no lies no bs but if they are not worth it then leave and find your happiness
I don't know, where i am goingBut i know, i am on my wayI don't know, what i am doingBut i know, it is rightI don't know , what i seeBut i know, it is beautifulI don't know, what i hearBut i know, it is sweetI don't know, who i amBut i know, i am nothing
Sadness comes from expectations. To be happy, adapt to everything and expect nothing.
The deepest wretchedness often results from a perpetual continuation of petty trials.
I said I love youwhen what I meant to say was"I'm afraid of being alone."I said I need youwhen what I meant to say was"I need to learn how to love myself.
Sadness, it was such an arresting emotion. You could almost convince yourself of the rhyme and reason of heartbreak.
The response of a loyal man against the most severe grief from their love once, is always a silence, a silence forever." T.R.Fraz
I know I won't live long. So I'm going to stand strong and not sit down in disbelief, hold my head up high and not waste my time wondering why my life has to be so rough and unfair. I'm going to strive and live everyday for the better until that day arrives.
If you're stuck in a puddle, it means there's higher ground all around you, you just have to step onto it.
Can't Live with you and I Cannot Live without you
That night she dreamed of the deer. Strangely, the animal was holding her. She cuddled close into the soft fur and touched and kissed it gently. In the morning her pillow was wet with tears.
Sometimes, all it takes to lift the sadness from another is to let them know how much you appreciate them and how grateful you are having them in your life.
Looking for a thousand years is worth it, if in the end you find what you need.
When I stopped trying to block my sadness and let it move me instead, it led me to a bridge with people on the other side. . I learned that sadness does not sink a person; it is the energy a person spends trying to avoid sadness that does that.
It's so strange how one day you can be on this earth, and the next day not.
In the wilderness of lifeHappiness is looking for youIn the jungles of dreams and desires,In the beauty of shrubs and flowers,In the span of sadness and kindness. In the deepness of hearts and minds.
If you are never the cause of someone's sadness, you will never have difficulties finding happiness.
Not the sadness, but the happiness, is the ultimate purpose of life.
Despite all the sadness, violence and misery, I still believe in universal peace, goodness, and beauty of humanity.
When perception will change then today's sadness could be tomorrow's happiness.
Empty yourself of past resentment, anger, and sadness to fill it with love and pure happiness.
A little madness shows the way to happiness.A little kindness can heal the sadness.
I gave her love she gave me words to write
Both sadness and anger are the two sides of same coin. Sadness is supressed anger, while anger is expressed sadness. Both sadness and anger are state of unhappiness, which are often because lack of self-love.
I laugh when i'm hurt.I laugh when i'm confused.I laugh when i'm angry.I laugh because others will laugh as well, and while we are laughing, I feel okay for a while.
Everyone dies alone, Eragon. Whether you are a king on a battlefield or a lowly peasant lying in bed among your family, no one can accompany you into the void.
Pain whispersthrough silent wordsentombed in scarsshyly palpablein fleeting glimpsesbriefly allowed
Looking for happiness is a sure way to sadness, I think. You have to take each moment as it comes.
Wasting time over wasted time is just more wasted time...
Friends are life's ingredient that makes every sad moment sweeter, every difficult time easier, and every normal moment extraordinary.
 Only strong people can find happiness from the sadness surrounding them.
Daily Reminders1) Never compare myself to other people. It is comparing my behind the scenes to their highlight reel.2) Stay here, now. I will not think to far forward or back.3) It's okay to not be fine.4) Taylor need's me so I'm going to take care of myself.
You meet someone who changes your world and when they leave you're left as a stranger in the world. You don't even know yourself. - Keaira
Humanity's greatest achievement will come when the happiness of some will no longer be the sadness of others.
They're indifference should not be the cause of your non-existence.
precious laughing time is wasted, because I have to put up with Satan's stupid minions who smile without attempting to anger somebody else - leave us alone already.
There's no shame in enjoying the quiet life.
I know now that doors open as quickly as they close. That nothing very good or very bad lasts for very long.
Angels are everywhere. The angelic encounter lies in every given moment.
The breath of being is all that matters in this moment.
Is the any spectacular moment like the angelic birth of a child?
Any man can grow a moustache and a beard! And this does not make him a man! What it takes to be a man is to help a needy person, stand up for the innocent, and lead one's life in the most courteous, dignified and sophisticated way possible to a man.
There was too much at stake for him not to attempt it! He had to win! And he had to win big!
Never stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done!
today start with a THOUGHT, turn it into IDEA tomorrow, next day you will see it in REALITY
When you tap into the energy of possibility, there is always something greater than potential can give you.
Learn to be true to yourself, and everything good will follow.
In order to attain extraordinary greatness, first you need to be drowned in the deepest fathoms of helplessness, misery and heartache.
Ultimately, we all have to decide what our own life is for. I will die one day, and, whether my day is near or far, I choose to look back on my time and know that I walked through the doors that inspired me.
As it turns out, Plutarch, consciously or unconsciously, touched on a truth that most of us feel, but rarely meditate upon: the little things in behaviour are the door not only to the real character of people but also to their soul.
Now that we are born, let us live in a trance.
The day, before sleeping; I recalled everything. to crosscheck that - whether I was wrong at any point of time! Then I realized - it's not mandatory that the way you perceive life will be the same in which others envision it.
If I am going out into the unknown, it might as well be the really unknown.
In a quest of looking at those who are running AHEAD OF US or TRAILING BEHIND US, we tend to overlook those who are running WITH US. In a race of life, some people will always be ahead of us and some will be behind us. Let's not forget to ACKNOWLEDGE and APPRECIATE those who are supporting and caring for us while we are busy running.
Be crazy about your goal and do not stop till time you do not hit the bulls eye.
The more you learn the biology behind your every action, emotion and behavior, the better you become at accepting others the way they are.
You can balance the unbalance. Once you believe the unbelievable.Then you will always be the best version of yourself.
You were chasing stones forever, forgetting the diamond within you
The time is my vehicle & the light is my fuel.
Life is like a Book, Everyone has their own new chapters
90% problems of line can be solved by dropping them and remaining 10& can be solved by effort
Wish for what you want.
Life is easy. Just stay un-dead.
There are endless opportunities in life.
Seek the light and live in love.
IF PEOPLE ARE NOT LAUGHING AT YOUR GOALS, YOUR GOALS ARER TOO SMALL
As long as you can breathe, you can begin to dream.
Thus far we have shown that the meaning of life always changes, but that it never ceases to be. According to logotherapy, we can discover this meaning in life in three different ways: (1) by creating a work or doing a deed; (2) by experiencing something or encountering someone; and (3) by the attitude we take toward unavoidable suffering.
Circumstances makes a thing poison or nectar. There is nothing absolute good or bad.
We are all one.
Evil and good meet with their due reward. Good fortune and ill luck walk side by side. But he who never walks the wrong path, need have no fear when comes the summons in the night.
Our lives are a novel being written. We are its author. Every action we encounter and every person we meet has a role and a place in our ultimate story. It is in our control to decide the level of how, who and what impacts us and how large a role we decide to assign each.
Similar to theory of relativity, view towards life changes with passage of time!
To experience the unknown, developing understanding and to care, that is our purpose.
The sky is but a looking glass into a pool of airless oceans, cast off into a dance of light and energy, leaving only a facet of guidance to navigate. Such an existence lays but within the mind man.
We can let the circumstances of our lives harden us so that we become increasingly resentful and afraid, or we can let them soften us, and make us kinder. You always have the choice.
A better life and a peaceful mind comes by not spending your energy of destroying the negatives in your life, but by adding more positive influences from here in the now...all energy should be focused on a better you of today...and time will use the past negatives as fuel to propel you in the right direction..
We can leave the rat race to rodents... but I suspect that even they wouldn't like it
We don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body. Don't blame others for the shape of your experience.
The best part of the journey is the surprise and wonder along the way.
I dare to believe in the beauty of my dreams, and I use my imagination to see them fulfilled.
I'm a writer. I write stuff.
If the loving ones look on magic as evil then the evil doers shall win. For you are turning your back on the life forces themselves, and you shall be weakened by your fear, thirsting for the elixir. Those who would do evil do not fear the forces, they consume the elixir unabated. They are not living in fear of themselves.
Encouragement is the strength of the soul.
Knowledge is learning without a limit.
Disregard nuisances and obstacles, for they are merely a brush-stroke on the bigger picture
Why doubt thyself? Believe in your abilities.
You are responsibility of your life.
The majority of everything has always been judged and manipulated by and on a minority's deeds
Make every day count, because you're never promised a next day.
Once we merge with the CoreTrusting the efficiencyOf our Soul's intentThe Flow becomesThe only possible direction
Enough is not in the volume of money owned or size of one's account. It is in the needs that can be consistently met without having to work for money anymore
Don't be afraid to go after what you want to do and what you want to be, and don't be afraid to pay the price to get it.
Sometimes we get so busy with our daily lives we do not take the steps and time necessary to be introspective.
One of the biggest challenge in life is to see things for what they are instead of what you want them to be.
We are the ink that gives the white page a meaning.
each morning we're born againof yesterday nothing remainswhat's left began today
Deal lovingly with others and especially yourself
Do not let anyone define who you are, due to who they are not.
Every successful man knows what a persevering life it was to achieve his goal.
Without challenge we become too comfortable with life.
Happiness is not defined by how much money you possess.
Nothing in life is promised. Each day is a valuable opportunity to play an important role in this world. Treat each moment like it's the performance of a lifetime; approach every show like it's your first, respect it as if you've invested years, appreciate it like it's your last.
Take care of the elderly people.
Make time daily for the development of your spiritual life.
Live life, love life.
Life is marathon, not a sprint. It is a race we are all guaranteed to finish, so run wisely.
Motivation always sparks a fire within us.
It's great if you can help others, but seriously ... don't lose YOURSELF in the process!
You might pass by those who're stuck in the neck bottle while you are swiming in your whiskey, be kind !
Living well is dying well.
Life itself is a frightening image for every human being.... being strong in life isn't easy.
You've said life is a series of choices, but I think it's also a series of opportunities, a series of lessons, a series of moments all strung together that loops around into a lifetime-it's a lifetime of moments. Every decision, every person that has entered my life, has shaped who I am today.
We all have freedom of choice. Over and over again, minute by minute. How will you live your life? For yourself Or for others? For something good? For love?
I am not the #Prisoner of my #Past neither the #Slave for my #Future !!
When we are unable to shine that natural light within, it burns us from our very core.
Not new but so true:"It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice.
The more a happy and positive person you are, The more successful and easy your life will be.
you choose darknessyou choose light,but you will know if you chose right.
Your smile can becomes a quote for a change
Songs. Books. Poetry. Paintings. These things reveal truth. I believe lies and truth are tangled together.
You have got what it takes to live your dreams.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will. But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all
Gossip is the sound of jealously.
Love doesn't hurt, love doesn't cut, and in dark times love doesn't cease.Love heals, love seals, it drains out the world and leaves you with peace.
Life is a most precious gift of the divine.
I used to think timing was everything. I have since learned that now is the time for everything.
Oil may run out, liquidity may dry up, but as long as ink flows freely, the next chapter of Life will continue to be written.
The point wasn't always to do what you want. The point was to do what you did and to do it well.
History didn't always predict the future. You had to live it one day at a time to find out what happened next.
Live your life in the NOW. Right NOW, THIS minute, THIS second.
Simple, don't tell about something exist in an extinction and don't tell about something extinct in an existence.
Life is an act at a given moment.
Truth always prevails. Both divine and devil are two sides of the same coin. Rather, devil is in the divine and divine is in the devil. It is for us to make a conscious choice, whether we want to be devil or divine. Let us choose good over evil.
We are born winners, but we are hypnotized by the society to succumb to mediocrity and moulded into self-victimization. It is for each one of us to regain our self-geniusness.
Book sense makes sense because someone has gone through it before and able to share it with you. Your job is to listen and discern.
Life is filled with endless opportunities. You must search for the opportunities.Seize every opportunity and make it great.
Where there is love, there will be an abundance of success and love. However, love is something within us. So focus on your own self-worthiness, and love will begin to blossom within you, around you, for you and for others in your life.
If you reach for the stars, but only touch the sky, isn't that better than never knowing the sweet taste of flight?
You only walk this path once. Make sure you take time to stop and enjoy the nice things. You can't smell last years roses.
Future:Life ahead is full of brighter days.
When you fail to be your own boss, You are giving somebody else the contract.
You have the power to turn your negatives into positives. - Author Mahogany Law
Live your life to the fullest...you never know who is living vicariously through you!
Freedom is the absence of influence.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Mighty waves of oceans live in my soul to encourage me to survive.
Don't be so quick to throw away your life. No matter how disgraceful or embarrassing it may be, you need to keep struggling to find your way out until the very end.
Self-pity is the worst disability a person can have, Callie. It's crippling.
Your present is what you live, but your past is what you carry.
Never step on caterpillars, as one day, they'll become butterflies and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on their wings of fortune.
If you are not an exception, try to be the example.
Books give knowledge. Mistakes gives experience.
...in order to move forward, we cannot allow ourselves to forever dwell in the past.
Curiosity can only be called "fear of the unknown" only when you are in your comfort zone.
You are worthy of your wildest dreams.
It is not death that allows us to understand each other, but poetry.
If you want to treat your book as a child, the finished book should be an adult, capable to stand on its own legs and able to weather the thunder. Not a baby that still needs to be defended.
One needed, she saw now, only a few belongings, just as one needed only a few close friends, and a single passion - it need not be a person, neccissarily.
The most fertile soil does not necessarily produce the most abundant harvest. It is the use we make of our faculties which renders them valuable.
May the ink of your thoughts never dry.
When I die, I want to be remembered for what I did, not what I could've done
Sometimes you need to fight your demons yet, sometimes you just need to embrace them.
It's okay to fail. It does not make you forever a failure. In fact, there are no failures really. Only human beings doing the best they can.
Just remember, everything should be EXACTLY as it is. Not better, not worse." - L. R. W. Lee
The eyes of the lovers are blind while those of the grieving are wide open.
Life is not about what happened yesterday nor what will happen tomorrow,it's about this particular moment!
Perhaps I shouldn't like it so much, but I've always been one for finding beauty in the ugliest stories.
You control whether you are happy. It's all your narrative and you can change it if you choose to." - L. R. W. Lee Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
One can overcome fear by acknowledging it and then choosing not to heed it." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
There are too many windbags in this world. Speak only when you are competent in a subject - It produces dignity." - L. R. W. Lee Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Success comes from a thousand little things done well, rarely from a silver bullet, even though we'd all like to believe that as our actions betray." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Drink from the fountain of youth and cloak yourself in the garments of wisdom.
Live life with passion from our hearts and believe. Let love be the reason and purpose of life
I would rather rudder
The nonpermanent appearance of happiness and distress, and their disappearance in due course, are like the appearance and disappearance of winter and summer seasons.They arise from sense perception,and one must learn to tolerate them without being disturbed.
Fear of the unknown.They are afraid of new ideas.They are loaded with prejudices, not based upon anything in reality, but based on. if something is new, I reject it immediately because it's frightening to me. What they do instead is just stay with the familiar.You know, to me, the most beautiful things in all the universe, are the most mysterious.
Learn how to think a few moves ahead at once. In life, if you can anticipate the human mind, you can anticipate all possible futures.
Reality can be entered through the main door or it can be slipped into through a window, which is much more fun.
Up goes the rocket. Its golden grain falls, fertilising, upon the rich soil of my imagination.
Beyond your wildest imagination, there is something worth working for.
If you start most of your sentences with 'Why Can't', 'Why Not', or 'What if', you'll build a stronger imagination.
Imagination is the wonder of the wise.
Birds can sing and fish can swim and I can do this.
When you use your imagination, it is a bit like putting on night-vision goggles to see forms in the shadows of your head, heart, and spirit.
You are only limited by your imagination.
I wake up to find magic, I seek dreams and I crave imagination. This is my creed.
Speculative fiction both requires and rewards an open mind.
Imagination grows by exercise and contrary to common belief is more powerful in the mature than in the young.
If imagination is your wealth, then ideas are your abode.
Explore your sacred mind.
The limits of your imagination create the boundaries of your world.
To find the nectar of life, let me get lost in the mysteries and beauties of the imagination.
Never defend yourself, but define yourself with your imagination and actions.
Babies are the buds of imagination that are ready to bloom with lights of love and affection.
Go where imagination takes you-- not where others have gone before.
New exit, new entry!
Imagination is a pleasant phenomenon.
If you do not write the thoughts of the moments, it is lost forever.
Dwell on the beautiful miracles of life.
Words are life. We are our words. Choose your words carefully.
You can't fly by staring at the sky. You have to take a risk to grow wings of imagination and fly.
Writers are magicians. They write down words, and, if they're good, you believe that what they write is real, just as you believe a good magician has pulled the coins out of your ear, or made his assistant disappear.
If you don't dream, then you don't really sleep.
Dreams are the flowers of imagination which bloom on the fertile grounds of the mind.
Close your eyes and open your mind. You will now see the beauty with your imagination.
Inception. Invention. Innovation.
Here's what's breaking into my imagination and whatever is in there; that you are not afraid you've seen, is yours to take.
My books, my paradise!
the imagination of a child is the most precious gift we can share
I want something new. I want something I've never seen or heard or imagined. I want a spark. I want to be ignited. I want my flesh scorched and imagination set ablaze.
Material creation begins in a tiny corner of a large island called imagination.
Books allowed my imagination to take flight and it hasn't landed yet
A woman is a loving mother, a gorgeous daughter, and beautiful angel of imagination.
A man wants to see a woman as an angel of imagination, but a woman wants to prove that she is a person.
Happiness is there when you have great imagination and vision, when you take relentless action and love your creation.
Your dreams and your imagination are the keys to ART so capture all of yours in this notebook.....
We are to turn our backs for a space upon the insistent examination of the thing that is, and face towards the freer air, the ampler spaces of the thing that perhaps might be.
Whatever man imagines is possible
There is only one possible road you can take,' he said, 'and that is t go by way of your imagination.
Write it down and it will come alive.
The only limit on your dreams is your imagination.
You can use your imagination to get exactly what you desire.
The universe does not know whether the vibration that you're offering is because of something you're observing or something you're remembering or something that you are imagining. It just receives the vibration and answers it with things that match it.
If I have been given any gift in this life, it's my ability to live simultaneously in the rational world and the world of imagination.
Visionary Fiction speaks the language of the soul. It offers a vision of humanity as we dream it could be.
We are but one of many ideas against a greater imagination.
Step inside your favorite storybook and become lost in a journey only your imagination can envision.
I've always let my imagination run free, but now I try to rein it in. Things never turn out the way I imagine, so I am letting them rest. Instead, I am holding just what is in my hand.
Let your imagination spread, until you are satisfied, like I am.
They said they would rather be outlaws a year in Sherwood Forest than President of the United States forever.
People will say,"there's heaven and hell", and they take it so serious that they look so sorrowful with penitence. I would rather ask them to show me the route that leads to heaven or hell.
The only seed that needs regular watering is our imagination.
Let those who smile at me, ask themselves whether they have been indebted most to imagination or reality for all they have enjoyed in life, if indeed they have ever enjoyed any thing.
Of course imagination is the beginning of creation. Without imagination there can be no creation.
I love dipping into dreams and sinuously sinking into sleep. It's the freest place to be. The possibilities are limitless and my imagination becomes a weightless wonder.
Our hearts and imaginations need to dance and play if we are to live awake
10.	Never allow your imagination to stop. It was the imagination of great people that brought us the internet, the pyramids, cars, airplanes, boats, great novels, beautiful painting, classical songs, great movies, water irrigation, solar panels, the statue of liberty, the wall of china and so forth. Never under estimate your imagination.
To Succeed, you must reach for the stars, and let your imagination find its own path
Your mind is your greatest power. Use it well.
An idea weighs nothing, except on the mind.
We are only constrained by the boundaries of our imagination
Employing your imagination is the first step to the fulfillment of any dream.
Whatever thing the mind can imagine, the eyes can see, the hands will soon handle.
Be careful whom you confine in.
Ask your friends for help if you need it. Asking for help can be costly if you don't have friends.
The Puzzle Piece CharmTo A Life Filled with Friends Who Complete You
Who can find a faithful friend?
I am always happy to meet my friend, and my friend is my weekend.
A friend is a stranger that you have come to know better.
Every friend we have represents a new world, a world that may not have existed had they not come into our life.
Strangers," the Blue Man said, "are just family yo have yet to come to know.
I ain't got no money, I ain't got no car to take you on a date, I can't even buy you flowers, but together we'll be the perfect friend.
I'm only up when you're not downDon't wanna fly if you're still on the ground
I'm surrounded by nothing but great people. I've been blessed with that, so really, I've got no choice but to be an all-around good person.
No true friendship takes account of credit and debt. It gives freely, without thought of compensation or reward.
Friends are like books, you learn from every one of them.
why shine as bright as the sun, when you can shine as bright as the moon and let the stars shine beside you
We're stars, you know. Different, distant, young and old, but we're all made of the same stuff. We all shine just as bright as the next.
When darkness threatens your world, friends can be beams of sunshine if only you'll let them.
Know before whom thou stands. Understand your friends for who they are, not who you wish them to be. Accept them for their flaws as well as their attributes. Turn to them for their strengths, what good stuff they can bring to your life, and forget about the rest. To ask for more only sets you up for failure.
Nothing is so unpopular as positive change amongst friends. It seems when you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change. But only after trying their hardest to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER let anyone dilute your power to change!
I am not stopping till my enemies become my friends.
Don't compete with your friends to win a date with few beautiful girls, but compete to win few beautiful goals.
I am not stopping till my critics become my fans.
Heroes don't have friends, they have fans.
A present is not the source of buying someone's love but its a source of showing how much u love and apriciate that particular person
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful,people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground.
If he can't handle it, then you aren't very good friends, are you?
Men come and go, but best friends are irreplaceable.
He's a unique dog, Mr. Bell had said. There is no other in the world that looks or acts just like him.
Margarita was never short of money. She could buy whatever she liked. Her husband had plenty of interesting friends. Margarita never had to cook. Margarita knew nothing of the horrors of living in a shared flat. In short... was she happy? Not for a moment.
By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly.
Love is messy. If you really love someone, you can't avoid the pain. People die, people leave, things change, but sometimes it all works
If you let life pass you by now, it won't ever come back. You don't get another chance
There are people who are simply gifts to everyone they meet.
80% of man's happiness is based on love - love for others, love for self, love for family, love for friends, love for work, love for nature, and love for being loved.
You'll may not have all the things you'll want in the world, but the true love that you'll have for each other should be enough for you two to be thankful in life still.
Pick the weeds and keep the flowers.
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
All men have One Master, the Maker.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can
Men are good when they get lost in the beauty of love.
Men want to be known and loved for who they are by women.
When you make things too easy on someone, you're giving them a discount on your worth; and this causes them to regard you as inferior.
No one can be your sun, moon, or stars until you have your own world.
Stars are dusts from wise men.
They say as brave as lion, they say as clever as fox, they say  as friendly as dog but nobody says as something good as man.
A woman is a mother, daughter, and sister of every man; how she could be wrong?
Women most often have a difficult enemy and she is a woman and not a man.
Women dream a lot and man is the prince of that dream land.
By nature men are uncontrollable and wild, and it should be, but women have the key to control them, if they know how to use it.
The creator created women to control those wild, uncontrollable, intriguing men.
If there were no women then men would still be living in the jungle.
A woman always wants to change her man but a man wants her to be unchanged.
Women often forget that the man she is complaining about is a creation of a mother like her.
I never can imagine that a woman can do anything wrong, if they do then man made her to do it.
Most often women want happiness and men want wilderness.
For women, men creates war, even though women are the symbols of love, peace, and harmony.
If the ultimate goal is lasting love, women are going to have to become comfortable with sacrifice and capitulation. Because those are the underpinnings of a long-term marriage - for both sexes.
When we want a man to do something for us, we are asking for his investment and commitment- however big/small....Show our commitment first by doing something to add value to the relationship. Something he perceives as value.
Banning the word bossy doesn't promote anything, especially leadership. In fact, it would actually show that being bossy works. We don't need to ban the word bossy, we need to get rid of bossiness. The best way to do that? Be a real leader. How poetic.
Just by virtue of their fantastically wonderful ability to approach life from the heart instead of the ego, women have a head start on us with their natural tendency to already live life to its fullest potential.
Admit to yourself women are equal. In fact go ahead and say it. They're superior. Nuff said.
How many men do you personally know whom you would typically classify as Kind, Gentle and Loving...I'm guessing the list is not very long. Now think of the women whose lives are characterized by those same virtues. I'm going to go with, that list is probably much longer.
Guys, you should always fight the urge to put your mouth in gear before taking your brain out of park.
Both spouses are equal, yet different. One of the most beautiful things about a relationship is that the feminine energy can feed a masculine man's heart. And, the masculine energy can totally light up the feminine energy.
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anyway.
Goals doesn't leave you like men, goals wait, they wait for their achievers.
they say that girls are the ones who want fairy tail endings, but then again, who are the authors of fairy tales? mostly men...
His emotions are not for men, they are for his vision.
Women have got to make the world safe for men since men have made it so darned unsafe for women.
Manny has swung with many men, but many men never seen Manny's blissful swing.
No man is ordinary, only their performances are ordinary.
In the men I love heroes, in the work I love heroism
I cannot stand the company of men. They flatter or they judge. I can stand neither of the two.
In the long run, We Realize that life without one gender,would end up boring
Who she walks with, will tell you if she's worth it.
People think needing a man is weak. I believe what is truly weak is not ALLOWING ourselves to surrender to our deepest desire to have a protective, strong, caring, masculine man in our life.
Man is smart - If money would have grown on trees, we would have used green leaves as money.
Stop looking for your better half! You need to be whole to attract your better whole, if you expect to have a flourishing relationship.
If you only attract Mr. Wrong or Ms. Crazy, evaluate the common thread in this diversity of people: YOU!
Don't get mad about the infestation of fleas if you keep shopping at the dog pound.
Behind every great man is a man greater, his father.
If you find a man who trusts you, who isn't afraid, who sees you for who you are, and if it feels like he knows you for who it is that you simply are, and thinks all of that is beautiful; know that you have found a rare thing.
If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn't have a job if he was any smarter.
If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots. If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible.
There's not a chance we'll reach our full potential until we stop blaming each other and start practicing personal accountability.
People have within their own hands the tools to fashion their own destiny.
At the heart of excessive individualism is a broken heart
Let your motto then always be 'Excelsior', for by living up to it there is no such word as fail.
I am yet to meet the idiot at whose door success arrived as a direct result of his refusal to invest in the enterprise that made him rich.
He who gives back at first repulse and without striking the second blow, despairs success, has never been, is not, and never will be, a hero in love, war or business. - Frederick Tudor
People believe that through the American way of life they can work together to encourage wider ownership of economic activities. In this way, they believe they can develop an economy of abundance which will provide a maximum of security and freedom.
Nearly all rich an powerful people are not notably talented, educated, charming or good-looking. They become rich and powerful by wanting to be rich and powerful.
Rome was not built in a day, but Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed in a day.
Vision is the culmination of thought.
A bull doesn't go wrong in predicting an upswing in a falling market. He goes wrong when he predicts a down swing in a rising market.
If you don't understand the principles of giving, money will make you poor.
The Prerequisite of any "Success Story" is the decision to commit in giving up your own soul to the Journey that you are about to start.
Abandon anything in your life and habits that might be holding you back.
Being able to pick and read good waves is almost more important than surfing well.
You don't feel thirty percent smarter when the stock goes up by thirty percent so when the stock goes down you shouldn't feel thirty percent dumber" Jeff Bezos
The difference between companies that make $100,000 vs those that make $1bn dollars within the same industry is paying attention to detail.
The movers & shakers of the world are not imbued with special powers. Once you realize that, you too can attain your rightful mantle.
Surround yourself with people who are better than you in each individual area of business.
Procrastination at the start and sometimes during the project meant there wasn't time to execute the plans well enough.
Take advantage of losing your job by making it an opportunity to find a better one..
When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.
Be yourself! Fill yourself up with light and fly!
I am love and light in action.
Live what you love and what you love will fill your life.
When we are able to see the choices we make through the eyes of self-acceptance, we are transformed.
Commitment shows up before results do!
Time is your most valuable currency!
True efficiency is taking some time to be fully first thing in the morning. Rushing isn't always efficient.
one of the most important things you can do for yourself is have a strong sense of your own greatness... because many things and people will misjudge you and count you at what they thing you are or can achieve. Their limits are not true... yours are
CRM is rather boring in itself. It's the fortunes you can build using CRM that makes it so interesting.
If you stop fighting for what you want, what you don't want will automatically take over
Putting in place the most ambitious and daring objective isn't enough, it should be backed with an intricate plan and executed like hell, this is what i call the superiority framework, from proximity the dots might seem random and chaotic but from a strategist view these dots are so beautifully interconnected forming greatness in an absolute form
A person's right to a job is as specious as his boss' right to success in business. There is no right to a minimum wage, just as there is no right to success in self-employment.
When plan doesn't work do not change the goal, Change the plan ! #beingemployee
Don't look for the next opportunity. The one you have in hand is the opportunity.
When taking on a leadership role in business remember it's about relationships. If your people (aka employees) are taken care of then they will respect you and return the favor.
Business is about creating VALUE for people. And earning money is the OUTCOME of creating value for people!
If we ask the right questions, we can change the world with the right answers.
In regards to life goals, you need to think about where you are now, and plot out where you want to be a year from now, two years from now, and then five years from now.
Every crossroad in life has four options - quit, adapt, proceed, or accept, but quitting is a dead-end.
I would give up, but that will teach my kids that it's okay to be a failure and I refuse to ruin their lives like that!
Business is like a game and you play the game only in two ways. Either you play to Win or Play not to Lose
There are no keys to success - only tools.
For organisations to become truly sustainable we believe it is essential to create a new organisation model: a more cooperative leader, a new way for people to cooperate inside the organisation and a new way for organisations to be measured by society.
You don't know if the water is hot or cold until you stick your toe in.
Business is win-win, everything else shades into crime.
Find three hobbies you love: one to make you money, one to keep you in shape, and one to be creative.
The Highest Reward for men and women 's devotion and dedication to excellence is not what one gets from it but what one he or she becomes through it.
it was always something what we did or said, and there would be this flash, and then it didn't subside. all your past sins would be brought up, it was just endless. and my mother attributed it sometimes to having neuralgia, but she never showed that outwardly
If it's glorious to fail in great attempts, then #gloriousfail should definitely be a thing.
I believe in the 20/80 rule. That's where working an extra 20% faster, harder, or smarter gets you an extra 80% of the rewards.
If you keep looking at your business wishes as delusional dreams you will end up running just another one of them. If you get inspired by your business wishes then plan to find a way and people to make it happen, you will end up mastering a second to none organization.
As more women lean in to their careers, more men need to lean in to their families. We need to encourage men to be more ambitious in their homes.
Integrity is not just a smart and moral way to navigate your personal life. It's also part of your professional branding, and it will inevitably affect your business success.
When success is your only option, positivity has to be your only choice.
Business is boss, politics is servant.
If the reason of your sleeplessness is competition, then you will make a successful businessman.
Your Potential can far exceed your expectations
Do not compromise on the quality and your customers will not negotiate on the price.
1164At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto social media is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto Twitter is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto social media is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
Your Twitter Profile is your business card.
Points of views that are expressed on Twitter don't intend to offend, but rather defend and open the conversation up to everyone so that no one has to pretend.
In a sense, discouragement does not have to exist. Allow it to be rather the encouragement to honestly reconsider all the options, then, as necessary, shine on.
So, you don't have money to invest in your brand? You do have money for damage control, right?Here's the thing: anyone can make your brand inferior in your absence.
Research conquers doubt. It aligns everyone around the incontestable. Research is the key to clarity-in startups, enterprises, and life itself.
Brands play in an exciting sandbox of symbolic meanings.
People change, and so do their aspirations, and so should brands.
Make sure you test your brand story's recipe with whomever you're cooking it for.
Lean brands are the result of continually testing assumptions.
Do everything in your power to make customers go confidently in the direction of their purchase intention.
Brand and product don't compete. Brand is product, and everything else conforming to the unique story that consumers create when they think of you.
Products shouldn't just work well, they must unfold well.
People relate to people, and if your brand feels like people, they'll relate to you, too.
Positioning is finding the right parking space inside the consumer's mind and going for it before someone else takes it.
Your brand story's happily ever after involves open wallets.
All human aspirations are opportunities for brands to build relationships.
Competition is simply an unestablished paternship.
Leadership is a skill learned through many venues.
Everything and everyone represents at least one brand. Therefore, to brand or not to brand is not even a question.
In today's saturated marketplace, you'll go nowhere selling a bunch of features. We are in the business of disrupting the market with brands that matter.
What is the Once upon a time of your brand story? Ask yourself this: How does what I'm building help consumers close the gap between who they are today and who they want to be tomorrow?
Entrepreneurs are different beasts. Beasts who don't give a damn, who kick ass when required, who stand up to a challenge, and who rise time and again with utter disregard to fear or failure. These are the beasts who run the world.
Some people will hate you for pursuing what you love. Make sure you don't love them more.
Great partnerships should benefit us all
If you KNOW that you're FUCKED Then you're NOT If you think that you're NOT THEN YOU ARE!Isn't that lovely? Iambic pentangle?
They call it "business" because it does not become successful by a person's "idleness". Go get busy if you want to do business; but be busy for the right reasons!
Studies consistently show that happy companies are way more productive, creative and service-oriented than unhappy ones. Therefore, the happy companies will beat the pants off the unhappy ones in the market place. The future of business is happy! It's inevitable.
The worst mistake a boss can make is not to say 'Well done'.
Happiness at work is not about eliminating all the bad stuff from your job. It's about being happy at work even though some of these bad things are present. It's about building your skills and your energy to fix the problems, and to create more and more positive experiences at work.
Conflict is just another chance for agreement.
The path to happiness at work starts with a simple decision: You must want to be happy. If you don't commit to being happy at work, you won't be. You won't make the choices that make you happy. You won't take the actions needed to get there. You won't change the things that need to change.
Maybe you are in the Abyss of Emotional Bankruptcy looking for a way out, looking for the next rung in the ladder on your climb to the Peak of Happiness, or you may even be at the Peak of Happiness already, looking for a way to stay there. Wherever you are in life, this book is designed to give you the tools necessary to help you achieve your goals.
Progression is the lesson, elevation is the direction, and evolution is the solution proven through ones contribution.
Consistency matters. You must learn that giving people a consistent high-quality product is of importance, like building trust across your brand. This build relational wealth - people want to know what they are about to step into and with whom.
You don't need a million dollar to start a business. You just need a simple idea to make Billions
You can't be happy at work every day. No matter how much you love your job, there are still going to be bad days. And that's cool-it's always OK to have a bad day at work.
Life is all about exploring yourself, discovering yourself and grooming yourself, then you will surely stop negative thinking.
The minute you stop caring about your business, is the same minute your business stops caring about you.
As soon as we open our eyes in the morning, what we want most is to matter, to live a life and to do a work that has meaning. We have evolved to feel this way. Man's first thought was 'I AM'.
Do what you love but do what it takes to do what you love.
World can run without money and currencies but not without business and trade.
Most of the people are nice to live with, but not to do business with!
Your money is just a condition to get my business, your professionalism is the price.
In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.
I don't beg for those things which can be earned.
They copied my product, they copied my strategies yet they failed miserably in the business, because they couldn't copy my professionalism.
I don't waste food, water, money, time and talent.
No kind of social system can make you more happier and secure than your own money.
Remember, before they promoted to the chair of CEO, they were the best employees of their companies.
Targets are achieved sooner out of need, than out of greed.
Whatever begun with planning, ends in a victory.
This is what made the difference, they used social networking for entertainment and I used it for business.
Redundancy is my favourite business strategy.
If you think rightly, every problem is financial problem or eventually becomes one.
Successful companies are built by investing large amount of money and hundreds of litres of sweat.
Successful companies are built by investing lare amount of money and hundreds of litres of sweat.
The world of romance and business works on this principle - You may be rejected several times, but not everyone will reject you.
To the issues of friendship, love, business and war, "surprise" is the optimistic solution.
Few teams sometimes fails miserably because team members wish to work in the team but they want to be recognized individualy.
Success is a place in time, Don't be late
In the business always talk to decision makers only, it will save your time and will get you the deal.
Treat your clients with high professionalism and they will no more negotiate with you.
You need a team for war, not for negotiation.
Through your influence, vision, ethics and authenticity you create a better reality for your family, community and organisation, where those around you and those who follow you are inspired to dream, learn and act
The real rich people doesn't have bank accounts, they have treasures.
Starting and profitably running a business is not just some achievement, it is heroism.
Let's get one thing clear, there may be few or many successful people in your profession, but there is going to be only one hero in that profession.
Success is an addiction. Once you get into the habit of success, you can't stop.
See the big picture and details of everything in your life (zoom out, then zoom in).
We can't all be bakers or chefs. Many of us have modest ambitions. But we can all buy a piece of the pie.
While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.
Who a person is will ultimately determine if their brains, talents, competencies, energy, effort, deal-making abilities, and opportunities will succeed.
Fear would have told the Wright brothers not to fly. Fear would have told Rosa Parks to change seats. Fear would have told Steve Jobs that people hate touchscreens.
In order to survive, I came up with a five-step secret to getting it all done. If you're busy too, feel free to use it:1. Admit that you can't possibly get it all done.
the key to human development is building on who you already are
The lesson here is clear: If you want people to understand that you value their contributions and that they are important, the recognition and praise you provide must have meaning that is specific to each individual.
Practice transforms a skill into an art
The best way to kill competition is to partner it
Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.
A dream business that doesn't make money is a living nightmare.
To earn more, you must learn more.
Read an hour every day in your chosen field. This works out to about one book per week, fifty books per year, and will guarantee your success.
Think continally about what you want, not about the things you fear.
Thinking there had to be a better way was a brilliant stroke of serendipity!
The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves.
Businesses, like babies and books, need nurturing, time, energy, love, planning and, yes, money to develop, grow and prosper.
The true start-up of a business is what happens before you start-up.
Why climb the corporate ladder when you can build an elevator in your own building?
Our mind is a garden, our thoughts are the seeds. We can grow flowers or we can grow weeds. Don't forget to water it!
If you believe you can, you can; if you believe you can't, you can't.
A real value of our lives is in how we use our time as we journey from the womb to the tomb. A great difference between the womb and the tomb is the w and the t! Wasted time! We waste great and precious time as we journey from the womb to the tomb; in the end, we remember the w and the t in a simple statement of regret, 'had I known' ! The wasted time!
Sustainable Foods = Sustainable Health = Sustainable Life = Victory
True coolness is the incidental by-product of higher pursuits.
Never accept yourself as a finished product. Be a finished product when you die. As long as you have breath in your lungs, expand yourself.
True leadership is an attitude that naturally inspires and motivates others, and it comes from an internalized discovery about yourself.
I like to compare my mental stress capacity to a dinner plate. Most people have moderate amounts of stress in their life, like a nice balanced meal. The food represents different stresses that occur in our lives, past and present.
When faced with a problem, don't keep on discussing it. Go beyond the mental barrier to resolve it.
You never win unless you win the hearts of people.
When you meet opportunity face to face, there will come all shouts; some are meant to make you miss the chance while others are encouragements from people who are ready to celebrate your winning goal! Whatever it is, you got to strike irrespective of who says what!
Motivations take you there. Tell yourself you are powerful enough to make it, and it will surprise you that.. that power will start manifesting itself.
If you were food, you would be corn. I dont know why, i just sense corn in you.
Ballot papers do not define leaders. Leadership is defined by conviction, vision, passion and inspiration.
What if there were health food stores on every corner in the hood, instead of liquor stores!?
Don't use drowsy EYES to look at what Christ used a passionate BLOOD to do for you. Don't use a sluggish LEG to walk towards what Christ used a compassionate FLESH to build for you
Orange strengthens your emotional body, encouraging a general feeling of joy, well-being, and cheerfulness. Orange vibration foods are: oranges, tangerines, apricots, mangoes, peaches and carrots.
Green strongly influences the heart and helps alleviate tension. Positive qualities associated with green are generosity, humility, and cooperation. Foods of the green vibration are all green fruits and green vegetables.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through you fingers. So much time you can waste it.But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard.
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present, and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
Give me your honest opinion. I don't want truth with a veil on-I like naked ladies naked.
We don't have to be defined by the things we did or didn't do in our past. Some people allow themselves to be controlled by regret. Maybe it's a regret, maybe it's not. It's merely something that happened. Get over it.
If I am worth anything later, I am worth something now. For wheat is wheat, even if people think it is a grass in the beginning.
If you can't get a miracle, become one.
Life has three rules: Paradox, Humor, and Change.- Paradox: Life is a mystery; don't waste your time trying to figure it out.- Humor: Keep a sense of humor, especially about yourself. It is a strength beyond all measure- Change: Know that nothing ever stays the same.
You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you.
You make a life out of what you have, not what you're missing.
A lifetime isn't forever, so take the first chance, don't wait for the second one! Because sometimes, there aren't second chances! And if it turns out to be a mistake? So what! This is life! A whole bunch of mistakes! But if you never get a second chance at something you didn't take a first chance at? That's true failure.
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is life.
She would consider each day a miracle - which indeed it is, when you consider the number of unexpected things that could happen in each second of our fragile existences.
I'm not going to censor myself to comfort your ignorance
Nothing sparkly can stay.
You could be great. You could rattle the stars. You could do anything if only you dared.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
Every problem has a solution, although it may not be the outcome that was originally hoped for or expected.
Be not afraid of life believe that life is worth living and your belief will create the fact.
The human body essentially recreates itself every six months. Nearly every cell of hair and skin and bone dies and another is directed to its former place. You are not who you were last November.
One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is to have a happy childhood.
A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Nothing stays forgotten for long, Elly. Sometimes we simply have to remind the world that we're special and that we're still here.
Our culture made a virtue of living only as extroverts. We discouraged the inner journey, the quest for a center. So we lost our center and have to find it again.
Whatever life takes away from you, let it go.
Rule #3 - It's okay to believe yourself better than the rest of the planet, so long as you keep it to yourself.
Life is wonderful. It's a gift to be alive, to see the sun and breathe the air. And there isn't really anything else.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
It is better to travel, than to arrive
When life's problems seem overwhelming, look around and see what other people are coping with. You may consider yourself fortunate.
Difficulties come when you don't pay attention to life's whisper. Life always whispers to you first, but if you ignore the whisper, sooner or later you'll get a scream
Live and learn and pass it on.
The smarter you are, the more you know, the less reason you have to trust or love or confide.
You can get used to anything, I guess, if you've been there enough.
The reason for my starting a diary is that I have no real friend.
A teachable spirit and a humbleness to admit your ignorance or your mistake will save you a lot of pain. However, if you're a person who knows it all, then you've got a lot of heavy-hearted experiences coming your way.
Darkness deserves gratitude. It is the alleluia point at which we learn to understand that all growth does not take place in the sunlight.
Death is not such a bad thing. What would be a bad thing would be living without challenges. Without knowing defeat, we cannot know what victory is. There is no life without death.
Many paths lead from the foot of the mountain, but at the peak we all gaze at the single bright moon.
There is no greater thing you can do with your life and your work than follow your passions - in a way that serves the world and you.
I think a power to do something is of value. Whether the result is a good thing or a bad thing depends on how it is used, but the power is a value.
Negativity is never an option
Very few people see their own actions as truly evil,... It is left to their victims to decide what is evil and what is not.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
Life is short..Live to the fullest..
We're hallucinating. And that's what this world is: a mass hallucination, where fear seems more real than love. Fear is an illusion. Our craziness, paranoia, anxiety and trauma are literally all imagined.
Like they say, the game is chess, it damn sure ain't checkers. Every move I make is so that I can conquer and destroy.
Sometimes life just walks up to you, excuses itself and punches you in the face.
To take what there is in life and use it, without waiting forever in vain for the preconceived, to dig deep into the actual and get something out of that; this, doubtless, is the right way to live.
I think with my heart and love with my brain
We're toasting the chlorophyll rising in our bodies, catching the energy from the universe. Nobody's ever been young like we are right at this moment.
...if there's a beast,maybe he's just a regular guy with a sin conditon or something. Maybe he just needs some understanding. Maybe we judge people to much by their looks because it's easier than seeing what's really important.
Every time you come to the limit of what is demanded of you, you are faced with the same problem-to be yourself!
I lean back on the pillows and look at the corners of the room. When I was a kid, I always wanted to live on the ceiling - it looked so clean and uncluttered, like the top of a cake.
As we used to say in the mountains, "Breathe. Breathe again. With every breath, you are alive." After all these years, this still the best advice I can give you: Savor your existence. Live every moment. Do not waste a breath.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
How true Daddy's words were when he said: all children must look after their own upbringing. Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
The things you want are always possible; it is just that the way to get them is not always apparent. The only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life is you, and that can be a considerable obstacle because you carry the baggage of insecurities and past experience.
Why did this disease choose me? I cannot carry it, if its just for the word: Fate.
It is not good to have TOO MUCH of anything.
No man lives, can live, without having some object in view, and making efforts to attain that object. But when object there is none, and hope is entirely fled, anguish often turns a man into a monster.
Look beyond yourself.
There is more to life than just surviving it. Inside each turbulence there is a calm -- a sliver of light buried in the darkness.
The days of life pass away like clouds, so do good while you are alive.
u should not be afraid of doing what ur mind tells you 2 do...just listen 2 ur heart...never say never
Whoso would be a man, must be a nonconformist. He who would gather immortal palms must not be hindered by the name of goodness, but must explore it if it be goodness. Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind. Absolve you to yourself, and you shall have the suffrage of the world.
Then I closed my eyes.That was it. That was Before. Now here we go into After.
Interests evolve into hobbies or volunteer work, which grow into passions. It takes time, more time than anyone imagines.
Not knowing how to feed the spirit, we try to muffle its demands in distraction...What matters is that one be for a time inwardly attentive.
Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today.
Pushing through fear is less frightening than living with the fear which comes from the feeling of helplessness.
To achieve self actualization, do good things for other people that you would want to be done onto yourself
people can be creul,people can be mean, what they say about us is not true it makes it there opinion, and it doesnt mean thats how the rest of the world see's it.
Isn't it funny how the moments that define our lives the most are almost always the smallest? A scattering of almost inconsequential seconds that steer our course; the proverbial butterfly wings which produce the hurricane of our lives. Single sentences, concepts, and choices-especially choices-which make or break who you are, and who you will become.
Be true to yourself and others will be true to you, too.
Our world needs more time to wonder and reflect but there is too much fast paced constant distraction. - Mister Rogers.
If you ever expect life to be fair, you are in for a shocking disappointment. Life is what it is. Fair is something we made up.
Sometimes we choose the road we follow.And sometimes the road chooses us.
You play it safe and all you end up with is a lifetime of should-have-beens.
If I go a little over the top sometimes, don't worry; That's where all the sunshine is.
We are creating at this moment what our tomorrow will be
Fear is the illusion that I have some control over the bad things that might happen to me.
Fiction opens a window of imagination that reality closes.
Don't frustrate yourself by mistaking "associates" for "friends"! Everyone doesn't have your back. Identify the people in your life & don't expect them to be, who they're not!
Do not force your children to behave like you, for surely they have been created for a time which is different to your time
When you stop living for luxuries, you understand the real meaning of life.
When the moon is shining the cripple becomes hungry for a walk
You Have the Power to Fulfill Your Dreams!
Be true to thine own self
That which you manifest is before you.The visible becomes inevitable. Your car goes where your eyes go.
No, I do not weep at the world. I'm too busy sharpening my oyster knife.
Only if you have been in the deepest valley, can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain.
To express yourself in a creative way you don't need structure you need an empty mind.
She passed these years in a distant corner of her mind. A dry, barren field, out beyond wish and lament, beyond dream and disillusionment. There, the future did not matter. And the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and it accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion.
Mom, Dad, I'm fourteen, I see what the world is like. And, no, I did not get this from the psychologist...I came to this understanding on my own, from what I really see in myself and about life.
Exercise not only tones the muscles, but also refines the brain and revives the soul.
Once I stop spending energy trying to prevent things I have no control over, I have a tremendous amount of energy to focus on the places where I can make a difference.
everyone thinks that other places is more fun than staying at home,but at the end..you will be coming home,because..that's where you belong to..
If your grip on coins of life is not strong enough than they will gradually slip away from your hands,for surely one day you will find that your hands are empty
All that may be wished for, will by nature fade to nothing.
For every failure, there's an alternativecourse of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
It's what you do right now that makes a difference.
This is the present moment. Learn how to gobble it up without fear or guilt.
No one gets left behind, you know that.
You will never feel truly satisfied by work until you are satisfied by life.
It's all connected you know
This time I really am going to light the world on fire,' she said, laughing. 'I finally have a fucking match.
Love is all there is
Sometimes the most difficult thing to do is to believe in yourself, the reason it is so hard is because it is worth it.
Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often.
Where do thoughts come from, Father?King Mafferan looked deeply into his twelve-year-old eyes. While I may not be sure all thoughts are my own, I am sure when I own them.
Maybe the problem is that I was never taught to enjoy failure as an opportunity.
Happiness is not only how to make yourself happy! but it's also how to draw a smile on others face..
Food is a creative, personal journey
Our lives are destined by the determination of our own principles.
A difficult journey is more revealing of character than any discussion or analysis.
I think with my heart and I love with my brain
The scales will always tip in favor of what enriches your life. That's the thing you'll end up choosing.
Sometimes things that are crippling to hear may be true or they wouldn't be so crippling.
How beautiful would history have been if it could be written beforehand and then acted out like drama!
I tired of the routine of eight years in one afternoon.
See. I told you I would get that boy to the alter eventually. All I had to do was pretend I was a loon.
It hurt. It hurt like hell. But it didn't matter, if no one knew.
Men have become the tools of their tools. Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul. Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.
Life is the game that must be played
And then I noticed the dandelions.
We choose how enthusiastically we live our time alive.
The way to be happy is totake pleasure in what you do and how you do it, not inimagining that happiness is some place at the end of the road.
It is by a mathematical point only that we are wise, as the sailor or fugitive slave keeps the polestar in his eye; but that is sufficient guidance for all our life. We may not arrive at our port within a calculable period, but we would preserve the true course.
We are our stories.
Put out more energy and it will return to you ... multiplied.
You should always have 2 books...the one you're reading and the one you're writing.
your love, your facial expression, your spirit and your words to the wise is my fervency: special for my mom and dad
A fool shouts charge when he should retreat, A coward shouts retreat when he should charge and a wise man knows the difference. I charge.
I HAVE been around at a time when important things needed to be done
This is not a reaction to your words or actions, rather, it is in direct response to them
Because if it is to spite her,' Biddy pursued, 'I should think -but you know best- that might be better and more independently done by caring nothing for her words. And if it is to gain her over, I should think -but you know best- she was not worth gaining over.
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Precisely at the point when you begin to develop a conscience you must find yourself at war with your society.
To tell a love story true, a romance writer must bare hearts, souls and bodies.
You've presented a reality that not everyone has chosen to accept.
Narayan explained how they had spent the morning, and Dukhi laughed to hear it. the entire episode made Radha furious. "Why must you torment the boy? There is no need to make my Om do such dirty work."..."How will he appreciate what he has if he does not learn what his forefathers did? Once a week he will come with me! Whether he likes it or not!
They still live. They breathe, they love each other, they find joy in the world around them for no other reason than because they are children. They are resilient. They will always rise above. Always. It is a curious facet of the innocent young.
I wanted to change the world, now I hope the world doesn't change me.
The greatest warrior is not he who conquers his enemies, but he who conquers himself.
When something is impossible, I do it anyway.
When I think I can't go anymore, I go anyway.
Since death is an inevitablility and life an uncertainty, it all comes down to how we live the precious moments of our lives. When all is said and done, when you are ready to slip peacefully from this world into the next, how do you want to be remembered?
Certainly, Gandhi is not inferior to Christ in goodness and sanctity, and he surpasses him in touching humility. Gandhi is the prophet of hope in this age of pessimism and disillusionment. He is a promise of sanity in the madness induced by our world's heedless drinking at the fount of war.
The past is a shadow, so I hid in the darkness. Little did I know I had made myself the unsuspecting prey of unseen predator. For only in light can you see what is dark.
The day we get comfortable with our lives is the day we sacrifice adventure.
When you are setting yourself up for success, above all put on love, because love never fails and with one-size-fits-all solution to every situation you will ever encounter.
Follow your dreams and make them happen!
Old age begins when reflection overcomes planning.
We have may teachers, animal, vegetable and mineral
keep in mind what choices you make because one day your going to have to face you loved ones and hear what they have to say.
Sometimes taking a first step is the biggest and most important journey of them all.
It is only when our fate hangs in the balance, when our very life depends on something, that we see whether or not we trust that the rope to which we are clinging will support us. If we do not, then we let of of the ledge and swing on it with our full weight.
It seemed that for every evil they defeated, worse took its place, but Vaughn banished the thought that this all might be a cruel game, a hoax played on the. ''No! I know what true Goodness, true Life, true Love is. Besides, this is too miserable to be a game.unless demons.NO! Besides, even if I was some kind of pawn, well, then this game piece would rebel!
If you have the goods, life's too short to wait. Hidden gold is lost gold. The world should not be denied an opportunity to touch the collective imagination. To those who deny both the world and themselves, their larder deserves absolute obscurity. For those who share, obscurity is relative and a spark remains to keep the embers warm.
The nation... doesn't simply need what we have. It needs what we are.
Convince yourself that you are capable to take the actions to change your life. You are the change and you should change every time especially when you are a victim.
My space imekuwa null na void hakuna jokes ni poetry na voice so i write for my niggas who will never make it,inspire my friends who already have it.
U r looking at me in a particular way- & I am not that. I am something else. What am I- I don't know.
Life is happening right now, do not waste it in thinking rather enjoy it.
If we accept that Metaphysics studies the origin and structure of the world from beyond the natural or the physical to the supernatural knowledge - then we must believe that dowsing is of a truly divine nature.
How you treat:-the mailman-the cashier-the garbage man-the usher-the custodian-the receptionist-the uber driversays A LOT about you.
I am a firm believer in the 'Power of Persuasion.'Insomuch as, whatever you believe are your limitations, will become your limitation.
The sins of the Fathers that are visited upon the Sons is not ignorance, but indifference to the truth.
Life is too short. Love is so important.
The Maker knows the motives of men's hearts.
On the contrary, she was aware only of a sort of timelessness, as though it was all part of a plan, a predestined design, conceived the day she was born. What was happening to her had been meant to happen, what was going to go on happening. Without any recognizable beginning, it did not seem possible that it could ever have an end.
Loneliness is a very real thing, but it only means even you don't want to be with yourself
From time to time, we must seek a resting point from which we can again be aware of the beauty of the world.
If you are silent at wrong things happening on your life time, you are destroying your children's future to the next fourth generation to come.
Love is a gamble, heartbreak is the cost.But never lose hope, for love is never truly lost.
When the weather's bad--it's raining, windy, cold--and you're just feeling miserable, put on your shoes, get yourself outside, and take a few steps. Then take a few more, and usually, by the time you reach the end of the block you'll develop a small rhythm, build a bit of momentum, and finally, begin to feel better.
The Anointing attracts Antagonism
Falling doesn't mean Trailing but Straining
Vision defect leads to Copycat
Until you are Tried and Tested, Your Greatness will have no meaning
Age doesn't mean Maturity but Senescence
It is better to Leap than to Sleep
Love cannot be FAKED, It will eventually Reveal itself in Action
Unconditional Love is the Trafficator for a Good Marriage
Even though, No one is infallible. However, spend much effort in making yourself better. Stand out! Don't follow the masses. It produces results
Sharing is caringYou will share with those Whom you care
Enjoy life. This is not a dress rehearsal
But you'll never get a new ending if you keep starting with the same tired beginning.
No matter how dark the cloud, there is always a thin, silver lining, and that is what we must look for. The silver lining will come, if not to us then to next generation or the generation after that. And maybe with that generation the lining will no longer be thin.
All is as it should be.
The choices in the now are the choices of all your tomorrows combined
Though problems have the eerie ability to pull us down but I am my own hope and I can't let myself down.
If you do not define yourself, your enemies will make sure they define you. Don't advertise what is not for sale..
Who am I to judge another when I myself walk as an imperfect man.
Your potential in this world is timeless
Nobody as the right to give up on a whole generation before it's even had a right to prove itself.
Everyone finds the time to do the things the want to do.
Look at the sun and think your future as bright as it is. Look at the moon and perceive how cool you can be in the darkest of night. Be positive as the sun and bright as the moon when the darkness of the world requires you to shine forth.
It's about time to see the downfall of the scorecards of who's right and who's wrong. At the end of the day, what's important is that you feel good.
When character is lost, nothing is lost; when wealth is lost, something is lost; but when health is lost, everything is lost.
Assumptions made by others indicates clearly how much people envy your blessings.
But mostly it's about pacing yourself when you do these movies.
Live the dream AWAKE!
The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen....
There is vast sea of all kind of creatures.
Existence is the gift. Life is a choice.
To be fully alive, fully human and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest. To live fully is to always be in no-man's-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh. To live is to be willing to die over and over again.
Understanding is the other name of love. If you don't understand, you can't love.
What is to you "received" it is "enough" The unlimited happiness is in these two words The person who has won "for himself"One day his "death" and all are forget himBut the person who has live "others"He is would be "remembered" even after death always
A Day is Never bad. A Day does No harm. A Day begins and ends with the passage of time. What happens in between, is up to the hearts of humanity.
Grow, but don't go with the flow" Flowing is too awesome, but it fluctuates your direction every time. Grow yourself to create endurance to go against the flow and create a perfect victory, which inspire the others to do the same game against the flow."Growing against the flow, is the simple way to generate your hidden endurance
Majority does not mean Right. Minority does not mean Wrong. Always maintain a stand for what is right.
Always believe in yourself because you never know,your time could be now.
Move forward not back. The people, places and things that brought you down only need you to bring you lower. STAY AWAY!
In all of our battles, let's roar with the conquering powers of love and determination.
I do not want to grow for the sake of growth. Never will I be blinded by greed.
A Day is Never bad. A Day does No harm. A Day begins and ends with the passage of time. What happens in between is up to the hearts humanity.
Wishes always find its way back. Wish others well.
Every day is a good day, not only Good Friday. Every day is a holy day, not only Holy Thursday.Be holy and do good everyday.
If there's no input, there's no output!
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop diggin
Sometimes you have to get close to the edge to remind yourself what life's about. It's not just about rules or what's on TV tonight. It's about taking a second to look up and admire the universe. - Katarina Kozlov
The Four Agreements:1. Be impeccable with your word.2. Don't take anything personally. 3. Don't make assumptions. 4. Always do your best.
There are two ways to be happy: Change the situation, or change your mindset towards it.
The 3 C's of life: Choices, Chances, Changes. You must make the choice, to take a chance, if you want anything in life to change.
Hey GR, for the others that feel alone. I think you will find comfort in knowing that:Everybody's Somebody's Everything. I know I'm right.
Yoga and books are the only way out.
Nothing in this world is guaranteed, as life itself is a gamble.
Who you love shouldn't describe who you are..And who you love is your choice.
Your calling isn't something that somebody can tell you about. It's what you feel. It is the thing that gives you juice. The thing that you are supposed to do. And nobody can tell you what that is. You know it inside yourself.
You create yourself by becoming something new each day
In this world No phenomenon is strange.It surprises us because of our lack of knowledge about it." - Jahanshah Safari
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
Dark teaches...
A human in dark, is one without soul.
Awareness brings its sacred wonders.
To really meet the mystery,we must be uncertain.
Proof had this ability to not only nurture my talent, but to see that diamond in the rough when a million people could be looking at the same thing... and just not see it.
You were born an original. Don't die a copy.
People are beautiful when they share things.
Most people spend their lives doing one of two things to their emotions: numbing or venting. Self-loving people do something very different-they accept each emotion as a piece of communication and they try to decode it. This way, emotions can become important guideposts on the journey of self-discovery, rather than annoying roadblocks.
We're all stories in the end. Just make it a good one.
On our way home we throw the apples, the biscuits, the chocolate and the coins in the tall grass by the roadside. It is impossible to throw away the stroking on our hair
Earlier you feel being ordinary, chances are that you grow up into someone special; a late realisation though is heart-wrenching.
Life is like a road, It has highways and detours.
If love isn't embedded withing giving, then it would be best to never give at all, for love and giving is inseparable; they are one. Selfishness and self-gratification is not of love.
Sometime when we're not looking for what we want, we find what we need.
Never allow negative energy to dominate the pleasures of an experience
When given the choice between being right or being kind, choose kind.
Getting healthy will always result in weight loss as a side effect, but a side effect of dieting and weight loss is often poorer health.
Achievement has no COLOR.
it's quite obvious how beautiful Allah planned our lives isn't it? :)
We are all guests on this earth. We come and we go. All of us. The oppressors and the oppressed, the weak and the strong. We are all here for a mere moment.
Enjoy every moment as much as you can because you never know when those memories will show their back to you.
Life invariably provides every individual a cause to discover prudence amidst disquiet.
You're off to great places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting so... Get on your way!
I don't know what the exact shape of my life will take--and what the days to come will bring--except i know that i am happy and my heart is still. I know that I have fallen in love with the word surrender and know that I can no longer live in disappointment
Life is short, right? We both know that. Well, what if you're my chance?
As long as you have a beating heart, it's never too late. But you do need to get on with it [. . .] every second you squander is an affront to an unforgiving universe.
Time exist forever
Practice diligence, intelligence will follow you.
You remember why you carry a gun and fight this fight. Not for yourself, but for something greater. You fight for your country, for your loved ones and their safety, and for honor. For something more than yourself.Because nothing makes a man greater than what he's willing to do and sacrifice for the betterment of those he loves.
what we do and what we want do are not the same things sometimes sometimes what we do, doesn't really depend on us, sometimes its is just out of ourcontrol and driven by the desire to impress the others
Il faut suivre ta boussole [You must follow your compass], as we say in French. Do what feels right to you, then figure out how to earn a living at the same time.
Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be part of who you will become
If you keep shooting for what you love to do, then it can't turn out wrong. Get into the habit of going for what you want. Figure out what makes you happy and fulfilled and then do those things!
Reinvent yourself as often as you'd like. There's no limit on the possible YOUS you can be.
2 homeless people in love are hapeir than a wealthy man alone in his castle
There Are No Coincidences, Only Reasons Why and Timing is Key! That is My Life Quote and made up and used by me specifically, everyday because I not only believe it but live it every single day.
Work for a cause,Not for applause.Live life to express,Not to impress.
words do matter. They're not pointless. If they were pointless then they couldn't start revolutions and they wouldn't change history and they wouldn't be the things that you think about every night before you go to sleep. If they were just words we wouldn't listen to songs,
Lies are in the minds, but the truth is in the soul
You Don't have to live forever you just have to live.
Only you can make your dreams come true ...or not.
At age 64 I started working at a preschool. I figured the kids would have a lot to teach me.
Life is a bag full of uncertainties for everyone.
Eventually Everything Connects - all the Pain, the Struggle & the People.
A book can not control you when you are the writter.
Be humble as you learn, but defend every dream with passion and pride. What you leave behind is the reason; the tears and scars are the price.
Break the lockup of thoughts and live free.
If you want to be happy, then be happy. Misery is a choice.
A happy life is a virtuous life.
Let's make our existence more joyous, fulfilled and full of positive adventures... Let's add more vivid colors to life in the world around us: making it happier, merrier, easier, healthier, tastier and brighter! Our project is a constant source of inspiration to support these ideas.
Memories are the precious moments wrapped in delicate ribbon. The ones kept dear are beautifully woven around our heart, the ones that don't hold the beauty of the ribbon, unties itself naturally.
There is nothing more romantic than absolute presence.
People forget the smallest things in life bring the simplest happiness into one's heart. It is the unfound treasure that is found within the smallest light that shines on the face of the simplest of pleasure, a forgotten smile." Amy Masella
Speak beautiful words to create beautiful world
If you can't keep control your emotions,you can't keep save your relationships..,
People hate what they fear.
A bird who wants to fly high will never frighten of sky
Dream those dreams you can only dream. Reach for the heavens that call to you and do not be afraid to stare into the sun or walk boldly into darkness. This is a guide toward your greatest journey. This is your sign to create and become the light. It is when you close your eye's and have faith that the real adventures of your life begin.
I think it's not particularly necessary to lead a religious life. People progress just as well in music, or art, or math or science or gardening or whatever. It all seems to work as well and the process is good.
With acceptance comes change.
It's not money which will make your life meaningful.it's life which will make your money meaningful.
Sometimes in life you have to make difficult choices. The best time to make those choices is before you're confronted with them.
Free ourselves from fear, insecure and scared of others judgement and opinions. Build up with our own confident, self-esteem and self-satisfaction.Just be yourself for being better person.
If I'm going to spend a lifetime writing my story, I want it to mean something.
Once alone stop learning, it is also the time when death is imminent.
Never let the joy of a single victory engulf your desire for more.
We learn invaluable life lessons from people whom exhibit courage and grace under extraordinary circumstances.
Tomorrow is a blank canvas and you are the artist.
What we do today, echoes forever.
For crying out loud, absurd things can happen, none of us is spared. He reached out and gave her a soft pat on the back. So screw it, lovey. Enjoy every second you've got and stop moping around. - Intomesee
One's enemy is often the best teacher of tolerance.
... though he [Michael Faraday] took no cities, he captivated all hearts.
As an idle mind either recalls its past or worries about its future, this Mr. Patil had sat indulged in his past. How beautiful his past life was, happy, lively and warm as the morning itself. It was a perfectly pictured cheerful life of afarmer.
I knew it, she snapped. You're no different from all men. You're just another jerk pretending to be single! I didn't wanna wrap a lie into a Christmas present anyway.
The purpose of our life is to serve not to observe.
We are Spirit Beings walking around in fleshly attire.
Misery loves company, as someone unbearably trite said once.
i'm not able to concentrate like others doing i'm lagging day by day ! when you got this in your mind this represents you are leading not lagging.
Starting requires motivation, finishing demands perseverance.
The two dark faces, In front of red sky, beside the water bodies, under the shadow, upon the way ! makes the world to feel that we are not failures ! we are brothers
If the other shoe drops, run barefoot!
I don't write to escape .. I write to Indulge
The chance you take, may turn out to be the best decision you ever made." LJB
Marriage should be about fun. It's about friendship, and laughter, and trust, and fun.
That was our mistake, I think. One of many mistakes. To believe that boys were acting with a logic that we could someday understand. To believe that their actions had any meaning behind thoughtless impulse.
Endurance precedes success.
So I was the son of a man who had Vietnam living inside him. Yeah I had all kinds of reasons for feeling sorry for myself. Being fifteen didn't help. Sometimes I thought that being fifteen was the worst tragedy of all.
All I knew is that sometimes my father was sad. I hated that he was sad. It made me sad too. I didn't like sad.
someone told me that "The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
If you can think about it, you can achieve it. The difference between your thought and achievement are your self-doubt, and fear of failure. The longer you will take to start, the longer you will take to reach your destination. Seeds of everything that we see around were first sown in the mind.
Everything we do means something.
The greatest curse in life that one can acquire is REGRET.
today's my life and i feel that " Every question have an answer but sometime that answer again becomes a question....
I fear none, except for the enemies live within me
Don't be trapped in someone else's dream.
In every moment, you make decisions based on your beliefs or inspiration which comes to you directly from the divine/universe.
To inspire is revealing the unpolished bits before perfection.
Training was all I could think about. One Sunday when I found the stadium locked, I broke in and worked out in the freezing cold. Every painful set, every extra rep, was a step toward my goal of winning.
Classes exist in the societies not to clash against each other, but to bring a variety of experiences and contributions required in the development of the world. Class existence is necessary, but structures must be laid down rewarding efforts and commitments, toward upgrading or dis-grading those that deserve a different class.
At the bottom of the human well, there should always be a candle of compassion.
Keep Attitude With High Altitude
Men always did and always will err and nothing more than in what they consider right and wrong.
Stay humble and inherit greatness, wise and inherit eternal life
Humility is a byproduct of enduring success.
be a lessons what have you experienced that not good in your past and make it a starting point to change your life into be a better today than yesterday
Mankind thinks only of living because he is dying, and it is only in dying that he gains his freedom to live
Freedom is to forgive one another for perceived wrongdoing
We need to reinvent itselfWe make mistakes,But to give others the blame of own faultWhile we do not recognize own fault and continue to blame othersUntil then we can not succeed in life..!!
Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, that we neglect to give them what we DID have growing up.
If Possible, Make Peace. If Not, Put A Full Stop.
Everything is in you, Sad, Joy, Mercy... Those you think of, you feel... when you feel, you act... So be wise in thinking....
JOY is in the JOurneY, not the destination.
Don't work only hard to make i in life.Always work smart. Because people who work hard only end up with that.
Forced connections are the worst. Stop tryna force people to love you, to like you, to be in ya life etc. You just gon end up emotionally exhausted. If they not putting in the same effort as you, leave em alone.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make better.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
By all means judge and react, but at some point afterwards be sure to reflect and switch sides. The next time you might be less quick to react.
Fences can be prisons, in a way. They're necessary for those incapable of learning restraint, but they diminish life.
What courage must a human possess to stand at ease and witness the birth of the sun.
Instead of looking at what's depressing, look at what's a blessing.
If we knew when we woke up that it would be the last day of our lives, we would transform every little act of our daily humdrum into small farewells.
To realize your dreams, you must first take action towards those dreams.
Pollution in your mind will make your heart BLACK...
You cannot move forward in your life if you do not allow yourself to move.
It's a terrible thing, I think, in life to wait until you're ready. I have this feeling now that actually no one is ever ready to do anything. There is almost no such thing as ready. There is only now. And you may as well as do it now. Generally speaking, now is as good a time as any.
she's alone but never lonelyshe's been through a lot but never bittershe's loved and lost but keeps on lovingshe lives in the present because that's all there is right now...
Life took the strongest root with a little bit of rain and a whole lot of shit for fertilizer.
If you wear a big smile on your face and a really nice shoes on your feet, chances are that most people will like you.
Excuses can be your servant, but you must never become their slave.
A Pioneer is one that goes that extra mile...and then a little further.
Could he really want a relationship with a woman who was at the point in life of trading beauty for wisdom?
You see, some things I can teach you. Some you learn from books. But they are things that, well, you just have to see and feel. p.147
My whole life have been treated like a donkey. All I want is that one of mine - at least one - should live like a man.
If our hearts are at war, we would not be able to experience Heaven in our hearts
Never mind failures; they are quite natural,they are the beauty of life, these failures.What would be LIFE without them
Quotes From The Whipping BoyfriendDora was thinking how the mind of a child is like a patchwork quilt. They stitched together a piece here and a piece there to cover themselves when things got a little too scary and confusing. Dora wondered if adults did the same thing or just kept using the quilts they made as children.p. 182
The toughest competition you can ever face is between you and your emotion.would you get the best of it or let it get the best of you
getting over it/ just means getting around it/ and sometimes/ you gotta go through it/ leave it torn and blasted apart
Information gives reformation and reformation brings transformation.
The more she turned right the more I turned wrong.
You'll... you'll... live your best life today.
Accept the life that comes. Work and strive, but accept. Don't force the world to be the one you dream.
The only real estate I will ever truly own is the space inside my head and heart. And what I build there is up to me.
Don't try to be useful. Try to be yourself: that is enough, and that makes all the difference
Your life is the product of your thoughts
Don't let yourself get yourself down
Son, Some day when I die, don't look back and regret not spending more time with me. Life is one day at a time and that's how we lived it. There are mountains and oceans I dreamed of conquering with you by my side and in my dreams we did them all. Love Dad
Show me good,i show you better, show me bad, i show you worse...
You've gotta hit as hard as life. It isn't about how hard you hit,It's about how hard you can gethit and keep moving forward. How much can you take and keep moving forward? That's how winning is done.
Money without love is pointless.
When times get tough, and you are feeling isolated, remember that you are not alone.
There are two things that govern life.It is Positivity and Negativity.You can see life with a Positive eye or drag yourself into a Negative Action.
In the joy of others lies our own,In the progress of others rests our own,In the good of others abides our own,Know this to be the key to peace and happiness
The first rule of self control is never to put yourself in a position where you have to practice self control
Change is triggered by Experience and Expectation
You are safe master nothing can harm you now
My soul comes from better worlds and I have an incurable homesickness of the stars.
it's better to be bold than meek.If you jump off a cliff at least you'llfly before you fall
Pursue your dreams with all your strength.
Here's my struggle-here's my story. Don't feel sorry for me. Even if I had the chance, I wouldn't change a thing.
You are never so lost that your angels cannot find you.
The only walls which bind us and stop us achieving our hearts desires are the walls we build for ourselves
Passion is the journey inward.. Purpose is the journey overcoming the fear.. Know Freedom and Leave Your Legend.
You are hard character of mine and I am soft character of yours. Practically saying you are like ice and I am like water. So how can Ice and water be different. If we understand their eternal characters we come to know that they are same i.e. H20 (water). Only the way of their uses are different but both have same goals
What we did yesterday, Can be changed today to make tomorrow different.. PAST / PRESENT / FUTUREPrecious Present Moments Light Our Path
We rally about one side not doing what the other side should be, whereas the other side feels the same way.. When both have not figured out that one has to be different than the other for the other to be attracted.Apply this in every way along your day.. Either way your right
They will never stop talking about you! No one can tell your story like you can!
Wear #gratitude and life will show unto you into rhythm of synchronicity #quote
Unlimited knowledge, limited time.
You live. And you throw yourself into everything and try not to think of the bruises.
The history of a place fascinates me through the echoes and remains you learn alot
It is only love that fuels the spirit of great deeds.
Love is divine and pure.
Writing is a calling, not a choice.
Perseverance is such a beautiful word. But to experience it means we must first endure the unpleasantness life is sure to always bring our way.
I was born at a very young age
you wanna cause a scene?
I came looking for life and I found you
You must dare the impossible. With divine grace, it will be possible.
The more I dare to play the game of life, the more the possibility to win.
There are many more books to read, when will I finish reading?
Three great actions; explore, experiment and experience.
To live in a world that requires you to become someone else, being yourself is your best choice and most valuable accomplishment."-Steven Cuoco
Every great soul had great mentors.
I m not fighting with world, I am fighting with my self to improve my strength.
Live passionately.
Knowledge is enthusiasm to learn.
The divinity dwells in thee. Awaken the divine power.
Dream pleasantly.Any dream is possibility.
Dare to dream.Dare to hope. Dare to live.
Be the master of thy soul.
If you are facing problems in your life,be strong you will going to make better future.
When in need, then you shall know those who will care.
Positive words are well spring of hope and healing.
Live a daring life.
Serenity is a very elusive quality. I've been trying all my life to find it.
Conquer no man but thyself.
Get your life. Because while you are neglecting yourself for whatever cause, that is exactly what everyone else is doing -- children, spouse, co-workers, etc.
Endings are hard, but important. You have to have an end, so you can have another beginning.
Any perceived 'rejection' is simply a 're-direction'.
Praying is the time to ask and meditating is the time to listen.
There's a whole world all around more interesting, wonderful, terrifying, mysterious, amazing than any novel ever written. Pay attention. Take a chance. Dare life.
Sport should be in your Blood/Veins, Not in the Joints or Bones
if u think thaat achieving ur goals is the true measure of ur potential then u dont neeed us but if u think that u have the will to go beyond the limits of glory then come lets join us,,, after all u r what u want to be....
I no longer know who I am, as I refuse to remember who I was.
Would you rather have people be impressed by who you are or respect who you've become?
The Eiani cleansed, refreshed, and rejuvenated me. In order to heal, it first had to burn away the dead, consume the decay, then force new life where death had once resided
Knocking on the door doesn't always get you what you want, but sometimes it gives you what you need." ~ Lorna Stremcha
You know it never ceases to amaze me how people twist your words.I used to et it bother me that I was so misunderstood, but now I realise, I can tell a lot about people by what they CHOOSE to see in me
The home is the abiding place; in the home is reality; the home helps to attain Him Who is real. So stay where you are, and all things shall come to you in time.
When you have two people who love each other, are happy and gay and really good work is being done by one or both of them, people are drawn to them as surely as migrating birds are drawn at night to a powerful beacon.
I have no worries even if I die the very next moment, for I am sure that I will be around you even after that! Perhaps as an orphan cloud upon the blue skies, a drop of water falling onto your palms, a leaf of green that capture your vision or an invisible breeze caressing your skin - for I am the beauty of the universe!
In an era when the regular worthy rhythm of life is less eye-catching than doing something extraordinary, I am reassured that I am merely the second sovereign to celebrate a diamond jubilee.
Our finger print represents our unique identity and individuality.
A great mystery lies in the repetition and continuity of the renewal of that which is past. Culture perpetuates itself in memory and the big job is the reawakening of memory.
We've got enough going on in our lives today without stressing about things that might or might not happen tomorrow
Wisdom cannot be compared with a gold.
The world of possibilities surround you, if thy will look.
People have a tendency to sometimes doubt when you tell them what you are going to do. But they can never deny the things you actually do.
It struck me then that perhaps the bareness and wrongness of the world was an illusion; that things might still be real, and right, and beautiful, even if I could not see them - that if I stood in the right place, and was lucky, this might somehow be revealed to me.
Sometimes you don't need to do anything really courageous to feel like a hero. Sometimes all you have to do is live your life and claim it. Then you can get to a certain moment when you can stand somewhere and think about where you've been and where you are now and the journey you've traveled to get there. Sometimes, that's all you need to do.
You've got to trust yourself. Be gentle with yourself. And listen to yourself. You're the only person who can get you through this now. You're the only one who can survive your story, the only one who can write your future.All you've got to do, when you're ready, is stand up, {and begin again.}
There couldn't be a resolution, because life doesn't end on a schedule. It ends in the middle, every time.
...what does the future look like?...'A deep blue, fading into golds and reds-like fire on a horizon. Afterlight. It's a sky that wants you to guess if the sun is about to rise or set.
There's something about the amount of time that has gone by that makes her feel like a survivor. There's something in the way that following her heart, despite it being perpetually broken, has made her feel like a success. And something about letting go of pain and letting love in has made her feel happy again.
If I had succumbed to peer pressure I would still be trolloping about society as a male and probably have just offed myself by now.
It is not those events outside of our control which we should allow to define us. Instead, the definition of who we choose to be is dictated by how we deal with these outside events within ourselves.
No one presumes to teach an art that he has not first mastered through study. How foolish therefore for the inexperienced to assume pastoral authority when the care of souls is the art of arts.
Life isn't just a gift, it's an abundant series of more gifts (i.e. Feather Presents) than one can count
She thought about how in that moment life was perfect because it was simple. One truck, a world asleep, and a million stars.It didn't matter where they were going. She was just existing.
It's never too early to think about your legacy," she would say. "Don't you want to leave some kind of mark that you were here?
Don't live through the moment - live in the moment! Always intend your life!
I've never heard a eulogy about a person where they talk about the value of wealth and how much money the've left behind. They only talk about the character ,love, integrity, humour strength etc.So why is it so important to some that they lose sight of everything else in life ?
No man was ever a great success traveling an easy pre-made road. All great things REQUIRE sweat, tears and maybe even some blood spilled to be accomplished. The average man walks the easy road, the innovators CREATE the road!
Forget being like someone else.You are not a copy.You are a one of a kind MASTERPIECE.Realize this and become who you are.Your like will never come this way again.Only you can be you!
A man who cant discuss ideas, especially those that are not a reflection of him, is not open to himself
There's only one thing worse than being sick...and that's being sick and poor.
How can someone vouch for your credit worthiness when you don't borrow;not borrowing is one of the unhealthiest habit one can develop , borrowing is healthy & rewarding is it when you borrow to invest:leveraging is part of every yearning investors forte
your imagination is the key to the door of freedom
Don't allow ambition to rob you of destiny.
I'm not suffering Trisha, I've never suffered all these years, someone long back taught me by example that its very easy to be content with one's solitude. I've enjoyed mine all these years.
If exercise was sold in the pill form, it would be the number pill sold throughout the world because the benefits are endless.
If you focus on good, you will excel and reach higher planes. if you dwell on the negative aspects of life, you will get nowhere fast.
As the ocean tugged me at my feet, i realized that Early Auden, that strangest of boys, had saved me from being swept away.
What was once was hell to me, and reflected back with negativity, now has become the tools of positivity, sharing my experiences helps others to understand and grow stronger.
When no one cares about you, just look at yourself in mirror
Do not give up. Be strong!
I can write about all of these bizarre and funny characters in my book, "Diggin' Elroy," because I know them better than anyone else. I have a little bit of all of them in me.
Those who dare take risks shall fulfill their passions.
Evaluation eliminates frustration. We should also evaluate unrealistic expectations. Unrealistic expectations become unmet expectations. And unmet expectations are like kindling wood-it only takes but a spark of frustration to set them ablaze and burn those involved.
We, the human race, are so accustomed to having instead of being. What wastage of the revelations and magic in every moment.
Always look ahead with great hope and believe in timeless possibilities.
Good things happen to good people.
One of the best kinds of thrill is defining, honoring, and achieving our goals.
Peace can be fragile and peace can be ugly and peace can be wrong. Peace built on lies is no peace at all.
These are the days that matter NOW!
The best way to teach is how you live your life.
Life was never easy, but I always made it as easy as it can be.
We all have a purpose, or calling. If it's greed, hence, lies the wrong path.
There are those who will see your success as their failure.
I had no idea that I was.destroying people.
To commune with your heart and soul, be willing to go out of your mind.
Searching for what's beyond appearances opens our divine eyes to see the concealed facts in experience.
Much of our lives consists of a series of choices over which we have absolute control.
Spend every second of every day together as a moment that could never be replaced.
Today is a season for tomorrow's harvest
Better educated or financially comfortable people often smile more than less educated or economically distressed people.
Expectation is an anchor, a heavy burden every man is to first carry and then overcome if he is to ever reach the shorelines of his dreams.
It is life near the bone where it is sweetest.
It's not enough to hear someone else's voice or to sing someone else's song or to play the note that you heard someone else play. I had to tune into my sound and by doing so, I have recovered not only the sound of my voice but the sound of my life.
I want to speak to the dream in your heart. That dream that has taken a backseat as you have strived to live up to something different.
Every life has a sound. A voice to be heard. A song to be sung. A note to be played.
Some people believe in Fate, others don't. I do, and I don't.It may seem at times as if invisible fingers move us above like puppets on strings. But for sure, we are notborn to be dragged along. We can grab the strings ourselvesand adjust our course at every crossroad, or take off at anylittle trail into the unknown.
Intentions are ambitious liars.
Good stuff doesn't just happen. You have to fight for it.
When you arise in the morning, give thanks for the morning light, for your life and strength. Give thanks for your food and the joy of living, If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies with yourself.
Some people believe in Fate, others don't. I do, and I don't.It may seem at times as if invisible fingers move us above like puppets on strings. But for sure, we are notborn to be dragged along. We can grab the strings ourselves and adjust our course at every crossroad, or take off at any little trail into the unknown.
If you train a dog it will follow you but if you train yourself you will be Great.
People fear not because they are powerless, but because they ignore their inner power
Master the difference between somebody wanting to get into your business vs. somebody wanting to be of support to you, everyone is not out to destroy you
Live Each And Every Moment as it will never come back when its gone.
A dream, a wild dream of removing ourselves from the cares and sorrows of this miserable world and creating a world of our own. A long shot, yes, but who's to say it can't happen?
If you want to catch your dreams, you have to drop your fears.
There are no truths, only stories.
YOU ARE WHAT YOU TWEET!
Her legacy was not--would not be--this disease. Phyllis Marie Unold Avery told us stories...It is my promise to her that for as long as I am able, I will recognize, restory, and remember.
It's like saying you're fixed in the past, and you're running out of time. Every moment is only the beginning of something new
Whatever the questions that trouble you just get up and ask, don't let them suffocate you. Because questions not asked will stay questions unanswered.
Life is death. Death is Life. teach the deserving. Teach with Passion. Learn always. Assume Nothing.
If you like or dislike something about them, Say it to their face.
TALENT will go so far...but your GIFT will make room for you!!!
Things don't happen for a reason, things give you reasons to make things happen.
Never regret your past because it made you who you are today.
you can win a talent show and be so famous that you cant walk down the street,but no-one knows you next monday.
Play a bigger part in doing more good in the world, it is good for you and for business.
How can you ever know up, if you have never experienced down in your life.-Denis J
A challenge to your bad luck is your confidence. Your confidence, you and your patience is your good luck.
The thing about hiking the Pacific Coast Trial, the thing that was so profound to me that summer -- and yet also, like many things, so very simple -- was how few choices I had and how often I had to do the thing I least wanted to do. How there was no escape or denial. (69)
Individuals who are focused on becoming better are individuals not easily offended. You can only offend those who are not on a path of constant growth and enlightenment.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
As you step out of your comfort zone,may life embrace you back.
The threads of logic, intuition, and humanity should be beautifully interwoven through the fabric of our world.
If you want things to change, then you have to change them.
May you let the authentic colors of your heart illuminate and may you feel the light within others.
If a path in your life leaves you in a place where you feel lost and alone, may you follow your heart and souluntil you feel at home.
Is the price of happiness not weighed in the cost of commitment, the value of life's experience in the plurality of existence and measured in a love shared?
When we learn to accept, appreciate and love others for being different is when we will find peace, joy and happiness.
May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.
No one has the ability to define who you are unless you give permission.
Contrary to popular belief, there are peaks higher than Mount Everest. These are the hurdles that lie within each of us. Thank you Stephen Hawking for showing us that they are not insurmountable
If I were a pattern, I would be the pattern of paint that a bird would make if you dipped a bird's wings in watercolour and then set the bird loose inside a paper lantern. I'm pretty sure that's it!
There are endearing people who come into our lives and leave a soul print.
Love means touching someone's soul may or may not be body
When you walk in distinction, even the photocopying machine can't replicate your unique quality.
Bring to the table what you want to take away from the table!
Life is not about chances, thinkings or probabilities, life is about atitudes
i have learnt to live to please myself first instead of other people, when I lived to please others, I lay late in bed with my eyes open in the dark wondering who I was, now I know myself
Love is the most powerful thing in this World.
Your information should be always inspiration
If you're too busy looking back at the past, you won't be able to see and enjoy the future!
I believe we write our own stories. And each time we think we know the end - we don't. Perhaps luck exists somewhere between the world of planning, the world of chance, and in peace that comes from knowing that you just can't know it all. You know, life's funny that way. Once you let go of the wheel, you might end up right where you belong.
The is no greater pain than the one you cause yourself when you let yourself down when a good chance present itself for you to advance your life!
If the sun refuses to rise we will make it rise
Everyone is taught that angels have wings - the lucky ones of us find that they have 4 paws.
He had accessorized his life with everything but paternal instinct.
The moment we notice our thoughts is one of the most transformative experiences we can have.
You create the action, the chances, the opportunities, the wealth, the happiness, the success, the rhythm, the speed, you control all the outcomes in your life!
nothing is interesting if you are not interested.
Get your GAME ON some how.
Everyone has adventures in their lives. Some good ones, some bad ones.
The circumstances of one's birth is irrelevant, it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.
For the courage to write above myself; For the guts to shout down the Critic within;Fir the willingness to release the past, the future, I thank You, that which Inspires.
One is only as good as one is useful.
Never discount good intentions, for good intentions may be all one has to offer. - Eilish in "No-Till" by Basil Pearl.
Hope is the damnedest of all feckless emotions.
People fight harder for power than they do for freedom despite freedom is power.
Its only called PTDS if you stop fighting.
Read something worth writing about or write something worth reading about
You have this thing called a life. Its only you that gets to live it and you only get to do it one time
Motivate yourself, you can be great.
Unlike the rest of nature, our mission in life is not etched in stone. We can choose our destiny, and we do, either by design or default, by taking control of our lives' or relinquishing it to others.
Born to fly, endless possibilities.
Life is about the journey, not the destination. As long as we persevere in mindful thinking, beliefs and actions, our internal compass will point us towards true-self each step of the way.
Many embrace the concepts of life and liberty; yet shirk its consequent responsibilities; the first notion being an inalienable right, the latter, an insufferable wrong.
You have to believe in your dreams, to reach out for your dreams.
A DESPERATE MAN,HE'S A READY-MADE VICTIM
The answer to why we exist does not exist, at least not where most of us look for it. We must look inward not out. We should not ask this question of life, but rather of ourselves - and then answer it.
Maintain balance in life; not unlike a tire, a life out of balance results in a rough ride and needless wear and tear.
Every problem has a solution, even if we do not know the answer
Dream big, you are powerful.You can exceed all your expectations
Don't look back you're not going that way.
Dreams are the only way to change reality.
Keep on dreaming, you will get to your destination.
Only the brilliance of your soul can keep you breathing while you sleep.
Sometimes, the best thing you can do in order to learn about the world around you is to step outside of yourself, remove your routine and watch the happenings about you.
You can not give up because life is a riddle
Never allow impatience to rob you of what you truly deserved.
Forgot what you think and remember what you feel.
Life isn't about how comfortable I can be it is about learning how to get comfortable with being uncomfortable
Remember that a fresh breath of life follows every sigh of exasperation. Breathe in, breathe out, and ENJOY every moment. It is how everything begins and ends. - Charmainism
The pursuit of dreams is the fulfillment of the scriptures.
Believe, Believe, Believe.Anything is very possible.
We all know that books burn, yet we have the greater knowledge that books cannot be killed by fire. People die, but books never die. No man and no force can put thought in a concentration camp forever. No man and no force can take from the world the books that embody man's eternal fight against tyranny of every kind.
You must accept yourself for who you are, to become the person that you want to be.
We each begin in innocence. We all become guilty.
Preparation, application and determination are three of the most important factors that enable you to regain your sparkle and shine like never before.
When i thought i was learning to live I was learning to die
I can foreseen the fulfillment of my the visions.
Imagination is the propulsion of Life once we exhaust all reality.
instead of being obsessed with watching greatness i'd rather do greatness
Your dreams are unlimited possibilities.
This is the thing: people think that magic doesn't exist, but it does, all the time. We use spells every day: the spell of forgiveness, the spell of thanks.
Real Dominance isn't always measured in muscle. Nor is it always measured in Intelligence. But rather it is measured... In heart.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn ... is just to love and be loved in return.
However great your dedication, you never win anything on your own
Don't make your career be your life. let it be your passion. Let it bring you pleasure. But don't let it become your identity. You are so much more valuable than that.
Don't be afraid of what others may think. Your creativity belongs to you, your inspiration, your imagination is all yours. Be passionate and write with fire in your words. Allow no boundaries to what you feel and believe. The spark that drives you to write is the fuel for your desire to create great novels. Know that you have the spirit within.
Through the "Strength" of one and his simple existence, there will be a transformation over time that will affect many because of just one life, while the "Survival" of many more will suddenly and triumphantly become much more than just a possibility.
Through the "Strength" of one and his simple existence, there will be a transformation affecting many because of just one life.
As comestibles nourish our bodies and ideas nourish our minds, so art nourishes our souls.
We came from nothing, we'll leave with nothing; might as well make the most of the brief somethingness in between
The quest for knowledge and wisdom is true connection to divinity.
The discoveries of my life that were of greatest significance (1) When I discovered love, (2) When I discovered faith and (3) When I discovered one cannot be without the other.
You yourself are a letter, read and known by all men.
It is ashamed that history isolates things that are common to a large populace, but families don't disperse generational history to prevent their descendants from falling in the same traps as they had.
You may have done mistakes, you may have fail couple of times. But isn't the end of your career. Shit happens but LIFE goes on
The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame.
There is time to compromise. There is time to absolutely abhor d word. Most times it is the latter. Compromise is mediocrity. Compromise is cheap.
Lailah, always remember that you are light that bring illumination to many people across the world.
True friends celebrate your success and share your grief!
It is difficult to feel things very strongly in a world wherein most of the time, the majority seem to be intoxicated and often senseless.
It's so easy for some people to get naked. They think they're so promiscuous and avant-garde and rebellious... but year-round their souls are covered in winter clothing! My soul is promiscuous, now how's that for being a rebel without a cause? They are amateurs.
If it isn't urgent, worry about it later
We can always lace a sense of humor around anything.
The best things in life are things you have to fight for.
Cut your big mountain into smaller hills, and then start to climb. Before you know it, you're done!
Express Yourself to Design your Life, you are here to "be you" not someone else...
Embrace your dreams ... If you wanna be a hero, you gotta have dreams.
With the muscle of integrity, we can turn intention into powerful action. That's how we can earn trust form our conscience, and can truly believe in ourselves.
There is a lot of criticism around you. Don't pay attention to what they say or think...As long as you are gratified for what you do, what do you care what other people think?
You mustn't be afraid to sparkle a little brighter darling .
Pursuing your dreams in spite of opposition is a revolution against mediocrity. By challenging yourself, you transform those around you.
Play More, Pray More; Get More, Give More... Live More!!!-RVM
Life is an exciting adventure. You must adventurous to fully embrace life.
To change your perspective, you have to change your perspective.
You live your life without realizing these things until you take yourself away from the usual stuff, even for a brief moment.only then do you see your life in a different perspective.
When you know better, you do better!
Be Brave be Rough,Whenever you Fail, You will be Tough.
I thought maybe a day was coming when I'd stop constantly worrying about how to live. Maybe at some point I'd just start living, no questions asked.
I don't think we can solve the outside problemsuntil we solve the ones within.
Never step on caterpillars, as one day they'll become butterflies, and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on their wings of fortune.
Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn how to untangle the threads and weave a tapestry that matches your desires.
Many people think of similar great things, but only the few act on it; which makes them great.
There are no coincidences...
i wasn't made but i was created for the better intention i know my time is coming
If you dream of the stars the heavens are yours - rjs
Never step on caterpillars, as one day, they'll become butterflies and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on its wings of fortune.
Reading and writing is an escape for me. Where I can imagine and become who I want to be when I want to be. Where I want to be, it's just a matter of having the imagination to do so!
Forever Going Forward, Never Looking Back, Always, Against The Circle
It's so clear... there's no obstacle before determination. It sees it as an opportunity to shine.
Life is a chaotic gives who will not add nothing to it and deprives who want to add to it
Dont trust in life and expect that it will betray you in any time
No matter who you are, or what side of the tracks society thinks you are from, if you wake up wanting to write, then do what you must to write.
I live for my death. While it is important how you perceive me now, It is more imperative how generations to come would perceive me
You know you are changing when you are moving towards something bigger than yourself. Your Life!
Its our choice as to what type of day we will have good or bad.
I find a source of love in everything that breathes, moves, touches, whispers, smiles. I wake up everyday to search and find love in the wild dream of loneliness.
The purpose of living is living for a purpose.
The three boys stood in the darkness, striving unsuccessfully to convey the majesty of adult life
We are here not to make something of ourselves. We are here to Be ourselves.
It's okay to have differences, to not be like everyone else around you. It doesn't make you weaker or less worthy than anyone else that might appear normal. It is what it is. You're just different. At the end of the day, we all want the exact same things in life and I think Isabelle and I are living proof of that.
To justify one's actions is easy. Acting responsibly and being accountable for actions is very difficult.
4 the first time, I will avoid anything that makes me suffer, because suffering is not a virtue.. I will not complain about life, saying, "Everything is always the same and I have nothin' 2 change it". Because I'm livin' this day as if it were my first and, while it lasts, I will discover things that I didn't even know were there.
Walk neither faster nor slower than your own soul, because it is your soul that will teach you the usefulness of each step you take.
Silence is a language not all people understand.
Authenticity is the seed of your identity and you can't go wrong with it in life.
To save your world, you asked this man to die:Would this man, could he see you now, asked why?
You know, nothing ever goes back exactly the way it was. Things just expand and contract. Like the universe, like breathing. But you'll never fill your lungs up with the same air twice. Sometimes, it would be cool if you could pause and rewind and do over. But I think anyone would get tired of that after one or two times.
A good teacher teaches through words. A Great teacher teaches through actions. A good teacher is appreciated. A great teacher is emulated.
In life you dream, you step out and you make it happen.
The good company counts in your life, make a right choice because bad company will eat you alive.
I am more than good enoughTo accomplish everything I can be,I will wake up todayThe history could have been different.But I am here now.
For something great,we have to sacrifice something greater
That one person you are is you...its hurts but try love maybe it will get you through
their is no better job elsewhere than serving humanity
there is no such thing as shut doors, just ones that have yet to be opened!
Even when we're right, we may be wrong. If--in the process of debate--we've hurt the heart of another being, it matters not whether we issued a perfectly executed unbroken chain of logic. In the end, that's an argument we've lost, because whatever we might have gained in intellectual pride, we surely lost in character.
Be brave enough to live creatively. The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. You cannot get there by bus, only by hard work, risking and by not quite knowing what you are doing. What you will discover will be wonderful; yourself.
i am not a millionaire son " but i make my son become the , millionaire son. by jostalin
Conformity is a cage that confines our ability to think. It is a cage that hinders growth and deters individualism
T-TrustE-EnthusiasmA-AdjustmentM-Memories
Learn to let go or everything you have ever done will be in vain. You will let go of everything right now." He told me, staring into my blue eyes with his big golden orbs. "You are going to let go of everything in this world and let yourself become nothing. Do you understand?
Every second vibrates within our Present moment, our now. In one split second of awareness, we can create a Life full of Light, Joy, and Love.
People respond to gentle words than scolding
Leave yesterday in yesterday. If yesterday cannot add value to YOUR today, then it has no place and serves no purpose.
Don't take it so hard, Joel, Johnson cut in. After all, prayer isnot the monopoly of one. (Chapter 18)
You dont need a thousand dollars to do something good for someone, You just need the right intention for it
See The Meaning Not The Problem
life is feeling and logic...
Its better you make suffer yourself instead of making others to suffer , it's justified.
Death is pleasure when Heaven is sure
Forget that blind ambition, and learn to trust your intuition.
Never fear to pursue your dream.
Smile, when you don't want to.Give, when you feel you have nothing to give.Go for a walk, when you don't have the energy.Listen, when you feel you can't listen.Play music, when you need to hear the news.Take five, when you don't have the time.
I saw on his face a glimpse of his past. The damage, the unhappiness and the pain, and I wondered what kind of skeletons he has been hiding and for how long. It's one of those mutual attraction moments that are unexplainable, but as real as anything you've ever seen. Almost like my soul knows his soul.
There is only one person in the world, aside from your dog, who has any hope of liking you regardless of your success or failure. That's you. I think it's worth a little of your time to get to know that person better.
If not you, then who? If not now, when?
In trying so hard to win, we have instead become exactly like those whom we hate. The key is to know that there is no need to exert an effort to win; for we were already winners in the beginning when we were not like them. It's when we try so hard to overcome them that we become like them, without realizing that we were already victors in the very beginning.
We come into this world priceless, with no value befitting our precious tiny frame. As we grow older we begin to assign value to ourselves. And eventually we reach a point where we can place a monetary value on our existence. It is in this moment where we stop believing we are priceless that we start believing we are worthless.
Don't tell me you have OCD about this?OCD, ADHD-pretty sure if they come up with some new acronym tomorrow I'd have it.
By balancing your breathing, you can control your emotions and calm your mind. From the quiet mind arises the wisdom and insight that help you make good choices.
The tunnel is lit at long intervals, so in the dark space between each dim lamp, I fear that I am lost until a shoulder bumps mine. In the circles of light I am safe again.
You get something, if you do something
You should feel good about yourself. Don't get down in a pit all about yourself, and how much you suck. 'Cause that rubbish ain't true. There's a reason you're the way you are, and who knows, anything can happen to anybody, so, never go down in the pit, and, if you do, you better get yourself poor self out of there, RIGHT AWAY.
However ordinary each of us may seem, we are all in some way special, and can do things that are extraordinary, perhaps until then.even thought impossible.
Planning is the key to success, course he who fails to plan has actually plan to fail
Everything is easy. However, the ways to make difficult things easy, sometimes it's not easy (Totok R. Biyanto)
The time to right the wrong ticks with precission.
How is it that time can be elastic? Sometimes years seem to go by while you're looking the other way, and sometimes-when you most long for it to pass-life-times can stretch from a few hours
Life is a matter of choices live it or lift it !
My intellect tells me "read between the lines.. No need to humor something that is what it is and is not what it was.
Its never the miles of traveling that counts,its what you have done along the way
BE LIKE A BULL...DON'T LIKE A DOG....BE
Yoga isn't just about showing up on the mat. It's about showing up in your life, in your day; it's about opening your heart while standing firm and strong and believing in yourself.
dont look at someone and wish to be them because you dont know if someone else is looking at you and wishing to be you
Do what you have to do when you have to do it, so that you can do what you want to do when you want to do it.
Live a life that transcends your own!
When you are searching, don't loose what you already have.
Remain open to your dreams but don't be too quick to decide by what means they'll come true.
Take time to breathe in the aroma of Life.
Always try to discover your destiny.
Let go of yesterday, you made it! Don't use yesterday's state of mind to make today's decisions.
Think bigger It makes a profit
You can't experience the Father's embrace until you first embrace your earthly father's experience.
The price for Greatness comes with Great loss.
We have it in ourselves to do what we are meant to do.
Smile, laugh, spread a little joy in someone's life, it surely come back on you in a good way.
What ever you do choose life, don't neglect your dream invest time to make it happen.
Fear is not my portion, limitation is not my portion for that reason I will dream massive dreams and I will continue to dream until the end of my road.
There are many examples of men in history who could give us a better mirror after which to pattern ourselves
You've captured my flag but I captured your imagination. It's true you regulate what I grow, regulate what i know, and to pray or to play I got to pay you a fee, pero we both know that you wish you could dance like me.
Drifting away from one's culture leaves one stranded in the middle of nowhere till the time his suffocation strangles him.
Dreams are reality that has not become true. However, in the hearts of some people, they have already come true. People whose dreams are already achieved in their hearts, and who can see that as they boldly throw themselves into it, have true courage.
No matter how you are feeling, get up every morning and prepare to let your light shine forth.
Do not pray for an easy life. Pray for a difficult on with the strength to endure it.
Dance your pain, sing your sorrows, because there is nothing else tomorrow.
I couldn't decide whether it was better to be the art, or the artist.
I read somewhere that flying is like throwing your soul into the heavens and racing to catch it as it falls.""I don't think mine would ever fall," he murmured, looking at the clear cold sky.
Not everything that's small is insignificant.
Few of us ever touch eternity, and if we do, it is not in the ways we expect.
I was pondering the reason why we are all here in this life, and what did it all mean. It seemed to me that we had all been invited to one big party, but no-one's been told what we're all celebrating.
Everyone of us has a new name that winks at us daily because there are rivers of life in our bellies, we just need our mentors to help us to give birth to those new names.
I don't want to be somebody's crush, if somebody likes me, i want them to like the real me, not what they think I am.
Live each day as if it were the first day of marriage and the last day of vacation.
Always being myself and my salve, which is life. I'm not lonely, if that's what it seems like. Always writing things down.
If it wasn't for the elderly we wouldn't be were we are today.
No Matter what you're, Matter is ; What you do.
Life is only a part of Death, not Death is a part of Life..
The world is a spheroid, designed to never end. We can explore it without limits, and we will have not end.
Fail to learn, not the other way around
Its better to create the Character than to be the Character , because the one behind the scenes are the ones that really get full credit
If you go up HUMBLED, you'll come down PROUD. But if you go up PROUDLY you'll come down HUMBLED.
Do everything with your whole heart, or not at all. Don't put up with lies or with people who lie to you. Don't risk hurting people just for the fun of it. And lastly, your best foot shouldn't be put forward; it should be with you at all times- right there beside the other one.
i use pain to push me to greatness
Katniss Everdeen, you have caused a spark, wich left unattended, may cause a spark that could cause a whole rebelion
If what you are able to give to others, in this life, is only proportionate to what you received from people in your past- it only means one thing. You are a victim of life's circumstances, a direct and utter equivalent of what has been done to you. Rise above and become more! Be better than what happened to you.
The bride's about to throw her bouquet," Mom told me the day after she turned 96. "Come on, June, get me up there!" (She stole the bouquet and kept it.)
Life is unpredictable and as the journey goes, it keeps on moving
The Earth Is My Stage And The Sun Is My Spotlight
A closed heart only creates misery and sadness. An open heart creates love and happiness.
If time were to take on human form, would she be your taskmaster or freedom fighter?
The child is the father of the man.
Words are the key, the books are the door.
Bliss ThrivesFrom within,Deep insideWhere Love dives.
Our past doesn't define us, rather, it's the courses we take after that tells us who we really are.
We shouldn't be fearful of failure because is not a monster as we think it is. It's just a training ground for those who are really striving for excellence in life.
We are growing day by day as we are continuously striving for excellence in life.
To know that you are loved gives you confidence, security and fulfilment in life.
All you have to do is to open your mind, do not be too hopeless instead stand with your feets and have faith that all things will be alright.
Live your life the way you want to. Just don't live you life in the past. The past can you hurt you just as much as the present can. Just remember its your life. it's nobody's business accept for yours!
Be as Student as long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life
There is nothing left in your right brain, and there is nothing right in your left brain..
Think of who has shaped your life and where you have come now in the present.
The journey we take is not meant to be taken alone we're to take it together.
By living your true purpose with Love & Gratitude, you are abundantly living in oneness with the universe
Whenever a woman gets pregnant, she literally bets with her life.
The world tends toward chaos, you know," Cassidy said. You could too. Just write down a made up name, or even a fictional character. And the next person who finds this geocache, it's as though things really hapened that way. You have to at least allow for the possibility of it.
It must be around forty, when you're "over the hill." I don't even know what that means and why it's a bad thing. When I go hiking and I get over the hill, that means I'm past the hard part and there's a snack in my future. That's a good thing as far as I'm concerned.
You just go a little crazy, you know. Sometimes. And why? Well only because your soul is just too big for you, it flies away somehow.
All life is theatre,' he said. 'We are all actors, you and I, in a play which nobody wrote and which nobody will see. We have no audience but ourselves....
If people were Superior to Animals, they'd take better care of the world
As I look back on the time I've spent with him, loving him, learning him, I'm grateful for the moments. Because in the end, it's the moments that make life worth living...
Every day is Make a Difference Day.1. Try a Little Tenderness.2. A Change of Heart Changes Everything.3. Choose Integrity as your True North and you will never get lost. (Professional athletes wise up.)
Our real beliefs are generally not to be found at the level of ego.
Time flies. Time flies faster every year. Time flies whether you're having fun or not, whether you're living your life big or small, whether you surround yourself with fear or laughter.
Life is a race for those who want success and journey for those who want to live their dreams.
This book is about a salvation that takes place within our unknowing and dissatisfaction,
These pages testify to the discovery of uhnlikely gifts when we stay in community--especially when we stay after things get hard.
When things don't happen, people get Sick. They see time Tick and they want it Quick. They forget that Success happens brick by brick.
Truly embracing the fragility and tensions of life...brings with it the possibility of true joy.
We can't spend our lives wondering, 'what if?' We must simply make the best of what we have. -Lady Mary Wynne-Jones
The Past is what it was and did what its done....
I find joy in life.I enjoy living it.
Without Purpose, LIVING is downgraded to Breathing a boring routine of inhaling oxygen - waiting to exhale
The past is a shadow, so I hid in the darkness. Little did I know I was made myself the unsuspecting prey of unseen predator. For only in light can you can you see what is dark.
...there are four rules for miraculous work creation: Be positive. Send love. Have fun. Kick ass. Amen.
The rule in life is like with tennis: One point won't lose you the match, but if you let it get to you, it will.
Change comes by substituting good habits for less desirable ones. You mold your character and future by good thoughts and acts.
Shut the F--- up and create your f---ing art.
No man can walk out from his own story.
Sometimes I feel like I am on top of the world. Other times it feels like the world is on top of me.
don't follow your dreams, chase them
If you believe in yourself, nothing is impossible. Without a dream you cannot have an aim and without an aim you cannot achieve and to dream you must have faith in yourself.
You know, I went through life and found that the bravest people are the ones who don't mind looking like cowards. So, I didn't mind to be so.
Reality is what we tell to go screw itself every time we write or read a book, shoot or watch a movie.
Always keep in mind its not about how high you can jump, its landing on level ground that matters!
Your fear of looking stupid, Shannon, is holding you back. I think it's time.
Don't let your fear of instantaneous sadness cause you a permanent one.
you only fail soon as you start to doubt yourself
world is hell!make it heaven if you have pure strength.
Everyone that you'll ever met wil know someone that you won't
write with honesty and don't worry about the feelings of others, because no matter what you say, they'll hate you anyway.
Sometimes keeping a secret seems like the right thing to do because telling the truth might hurt someone and makes it seem like you don't love them. But really, telling the truth is the right thing to do. It's the most loving thing to do.-Kaylee
I had to go through hell to get a piece of heaven?
Time is the school in which we learn,Time is the fire in which we burn.
It must be an awful feeling to have love all around you and not feel loved, to be in need and unable to accept whats being offered, to see a world of possibilities but trapped inside your own mind.
Life is just packed full of memories, the more memories you create, the richer your life becomes !J Moulds
There is beauty and darkness in everything. Sorrow in joy, life in death, thorns on the rose.
They spent days, nights, weeks and months talking, never accepting the fact that, good or bad, an idea only exists when someone tries to put it into practice
For a long time, I was trapped in this struggle with my emotions about the single person in the world who was my family.
Taking a risk is something we do not for our mind but for how it makes us feels, emotions it brings, excitement it creates and I feel alive.
Letting go means wanting to move on so you can live.
I Lie and that's the Truth
The past is what it was in a flash
Some say their world's will end in fire, some say in ice From what I've tasted with desire I hold with those yu favor fire. My world may not be ending although it does feel like it. I do know this, whatever doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
Treasure the journey, BE the destination.
When my husband died, people kept telling me not to cry. People kept trying to help me to forget. But I didn't want to forget... So I realize, that if it's hard for me, how much harder it must be for you.
Some people love you for a reason, some people hate you for no reason... Yet I am still me and you are still you.
I would I were alive again to kiss the fingers of the rain.
Sometimes, You need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself of who you are and who you want to be.
Prayer. panacea for some, placebo to others. I thought of it as an epidural administered through the soul to anesthetize the mind.
The one who is born of the earth, dreams of the sky. The one who is born of the sky, dreams of the earth.
Every life is a story make your life a best seller.
You do not know a situation until you experience .
If you hold a bird too tightly, you'll crush its wings
A man's worth depends upon the nobility of his aspirations.
Women have eyes in their hearts that see what men cannot.
The uncertainty of life got me thinking about the importance of constants in our lives.
Life is a Game you play only once you don't get the second chance and if you get you will never come in the same identity. So perform well.
Life is like a prison. To survive it is through self-healing and absolute dignity.
Give while your hands are warm
Save a life. Seed a generation
Life's choices are wild and free, but sustaining and elevating, or destructive and debilitating. It's up to us to choose.
Oxygen always stays around man, but man sometime breath without thinking about that. Oxygen never ignore man; It is the man who ignore oxygen.
I'm grateful for being here, for being able to think, for being able to see, for being able to taste, for appreciating love - for knowing that it exists in a world so rife with vulgarity, with brutality and violence, and yet love exists. I'm grateful to know that it exists.
I'm a survivor. And like the moon, I have a feeling it would take a truly spectacular event to keep me from taking my place in the scheme of things, waxing, waning, and eclipsing notwithstanding.
Every generation must recognize and embrace the task it is peculiarly designed by history and by providence to perform.
It's just one day, one twenty-four-hour period to get yourself through. - Adam
Where is miracle? None they can't see.Where is hope? I only see light on the sea.
You only live once
Neglected but Undefeated I stand today living the life I was told I would never live all because my faith grew.
There has never yet been a person in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.
The thing was, the places of your life, like the clothes you wore and the car you drove and the friends and associates you had, were a product of the way you lived.
Don't waste time making enemies. As long as you're active, you'll have plenty.
Give them time to think things over.
An author's dream does not necessarily come instantly. Rather, it is cultivated and nurtured, every epiphany and idea are like rain drops that bring life to the story being written.
If you don't know yourself then take time to find yourself
Nobody succeeds beyond his or her wildest expectations unless he or she begins with some wild expectations
Anything is possible if you just believe. But if you want to start believing, start with yourself.
accept yourself, it will inspire others to do the same for themselves.
The world rains on everybody, Laura. We just have to figure out a way to get a bigger umbrella than a lot of other people need, that's all. ~from-Here Comes The Heroes~
I don't understand why people care so much about showing that they are good; because I am rather comfortable with having badness, quite okay with being inexplicable. They tire themselves so. The light is beautiful; but light can't hide treasures like the darkness can.
I have just lost my reason for fighting so hard. How do I go on now, without my thing to fight for?' And he whispered into my ear, he said: 'Maybe it's time to stop fighting.
Please do not break your heart over the withering of a dream you once held, that never became yours! After all, the shattered dream could have very well been a nightmare and not a dream at all, you wouldn't really know because you didn't have it yet! Let the sparks fade, let the flame dim and die, you'll never know it wasn't poison.
She laughs an honest laugh... one that puts the fakes on edge and makes them dream of being better.
Red stimulates and excites your nerves, pulse rate and blood circulation, and lends energy to your entire system. When you are fatigued, lethargic or sluggish for any reason, red has an energizing influence.
And that's when I heard the whisper in my heart's ear: "It's not about your childhood. It's about who you are!
She has a serene, glowing disposition. She looks at you and the rest of the world through the eyes of a lynx and is always mysterious, possibly because she always harbours those hidden laughs just beneath her lips. She's always ready to laugh.
We make choices everyday, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough - we live with the consequences. To be truthful I am not entirely sure what people mean when they talk of happiness. There are moments of joy and laughter, the comfort of friendship, but enduring happiness? If it exists I have not discovered it.
Do not let anyone else's expectations direct the course of your life. I have discovered happiness in being true to who I am.
Yellow is a very favorable vibration for mental or intellectual activity, as it promotes a clear state of mind. Yellow heightens your awareness and alleviates depression, sadness, or any kind of despondency. Yellow vibration foods are: pineapples, bananas, grapefruit, lemons and corn.
I know you like to be in control and you operate a lot from fear but you have to break the bounds of your past Nicole and rewrite the story you've been telling yourself based off of others experiences. You have to create your own experience, write your own story.
Our lives are spent sailing in the mist, hoping for a burst of sunlight that can make sense of who we are.
The universe is our picture. Only the immature imagine the cosmos to be what they think it is.
Discovery is dangerous . . . but so is life. A man unwilling to take risk is doomed never to learn, never to grow, never to live.
The grass may be greener on the other side, but will the sky be as blue?
It is only human to be kind to others.
It's not so much what we do that matters, but what kind of person we choose to be.
Life is about being optimistic and living life in despair is not the last resort of every problem
It is better to do what you love for work, but if it is your day job that enables an unpaid passion, then your life is still sweeter. What is important is that you make time for your dreams, not whether or not you get paid for it.
In the joy of others, lies our own.
Love every version of yourself, they help create your own unique version of extraordinary.
Keep your focus on the things you can actually control. Choosing to center on anything else will either stop you in your tracks or significantly slow you down.
It has been said that a man with an argument is no match for a man with an experience.
If you want self-esteem. Do estimable acts ~ V, from A Piece of Cake: Memoir
Our part in life is to persevere and learn as quickly as we can, for our victory depends upon our perception of the world".
There was a long hard time when I kept far from me, the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth. But, since my duty has not been incompatible with the admission of that remembrance, I have given it a place in my heart.
Getting stuck is reactive, getting unstuck is proactive.
you are responsible for you own happiness
I believe that death should not be feared instead we should endure life and give our best even though life isn't always fair we shall always enjoy life the way it comes and if death is upon us its cause its time for us to go knowing that there is something better for us.....
Family is the people you love who love you back.
Never stay still, you'll end up with roots.
Only walk UP THE STEPS
Silence isn't golden and it surely doesn't mean consent, so start practicing the art of communication.
Waiting Hurts. Forgetting Hurts. But not knowing which decision to take is the worst of suffering.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
Genius is seldom recognized for what it is: a great capacity for hard work.
I loved him even now, as he took a knife to my throat, as I drowned in blood, as I whispered "Cousin, you were wrong. We were born to live.
If you have good sex, you've done a lot right in life.
How can you tell a man there's nothing to do? I can't imagine a situation in which there could ever be nothing to do! Do it for mankind and don't worry about the rest. There's so much to do that a lifetime won't be enough, if you look around attentively.
Life is a journey, not so much to a destination, but a transformation.
Little changes [and] little choices add up to be revolutionary changes in your life.
Follow your dreams even when they're out of reach~
Live your dreams.
She thought little of her ordeal. Cruelty was part of nature, like a winter frost; something to be survived and then forgotten (p.689)
If you don't place yourself where you could fail, you'd never have a place from where you'd succeed.
And is often the case with faith, I thought I was being asked a favor, when in fact I was being given one".
...in life you have to take lots of decisions and if you don't make decisions you would never do anything because you waste all your time choosing between things you could do...
We are constantly trying to be noticed that we don't notice other people.
Of all the Wonders in the World, the greatest wonder of all, was sharing it with you.
One choice changes everything. The right choice changes your world.
In fairy tales they all seem perfect, but really they are just as troubled as we are!
Treat Yourself....You Deserve it!
We live this life, full of agony, despair,and pain. Living day by day, having no clue of what will happen, after a second, a minute, an hour, and a year.. Will we die of despair? Or will we find that person who completes our life and enlightens our hearts?
One chance, One life. Make it or screw it up, it's your choice. Don't wait to long or your time will be up.
Small herbs have grace, great weeds to grow apace.
If there is no door to your dream, create one.
Pitting your dream against someone else's is a fantastic way to get discouraged and depressed.
When a dream is fulfilled, it is always a glorious feeling.
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream. -- Author unknown
Whoever dare dream, must do much activity to realize the dream.
Life is a dance dream.
Much effort is needed for a dream to come true.
There is a period near the beginning of every man's life when he has little to cling to except his unmanageable dreams, little to support him except good health, and nowhere to go but all over the place by E. B. White
Life is to BIG that I'm suddenly overcome by the highs and lows of it.
The real me: A woman who continues to blossom into her authentic self.
To dream is to have a chest filled with stars, a mind captivated by possibilities and a heart enveloped in imagination.
Let us keep on dreaming and instead of saying I wish and waiting for it to happen, have the courage to say I will and make it come true.
Dream, live it and make it happen! As impossible as it may look and sound, this kind of thinking and attitude are what will keep us going.
Keep on dreaming. Keep on believing. It is free. And it is a choice.
As long as I dream, that is enough for me to keep moving forward.
35	Everyone has a dream, a vision, a goal and a desire. Just because we have bigger dreams than others doesn't mean they don't have one. Sometimes we just too lazy to make it happen or are scared of failing.But trying is better than not doing anything at all.
Everyone has a dream, a vision, a goal and a desire. Just because we have bigger dreams than others doesn't mean they don't have one. Sometimes we just too lazy to make it happen or are scared of failing.But trying is better than not doing anything at all.
Everyone can dream and as impossible as it may look and sound, this kind of thinking and attitude is what will keep us going.
Love not your dream but the road leading to it and you might still fail, but you shall definitely end up enjoying every moment of your life.
While you wait for your dream job, you can engage yourself with the available job.
With confident, courage and consistency, the dream is certain.
Be strong, little one. There's a reason you are here. Like anyone with a dream, you have a purpose, big or small. Never lose hope that your glowing star will one day join the sky of winners. Never--stop believing.
Life should be lived as a dream to see and enjoy the beauty of life.
If you can dream it and visualize it, they you can achieve it.
All you need is a dream to drive you nuts.
Life happens when you get lost in a dream.
Believe and begin now.
You have to fight to reach your dream. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it.
Be a person who can dream about spring in the dead of winter.
Nothing great was ever created without a great dream.
You don't have to stop dreaming.
You have to dig deep in yourself to dream. You have to close your eyes to see.
When your dream turns into a nightmare, rise to the challenge and slaughter the dragons
Live in your dream. Refuse to wake up until it is completely over. Then dream again.
The only way to stop a nightmare is to open your eyes, if perchance you realize you were dreaming
Some people spend the best part of their lives living the dreams of others
The greatest success is to live the life of your dreams.
Go forward and fulfil your dream.
Hard work precedes great success.
You can attain your highest potential.
A single lie is the father of all lies
When you dream, you activate the possibility of what some call impossible.
when you do great things, think as if you missed the mark by an inch; walk as if you are yet to face the greatest task; talk as if you are yet to have the best preparation for the momentous moment and dream as if you are fighting a battalion of tasks
My wish is to create a huge library of books.
Soothing the exhaustionIn my soul,So I can fall back skyward,Safe in your arms,And survive to dream again.
Let us have no guiltLeft to wasteFor dreaming still.
The opportunity cost of an unlived dream is not only that dream, but also the dreams the dream was meant to inspire.
Entrepreneurs see what others can't, do what others won't, and accomplish what others dream.
To be a success, water your dream with optimism and love.
I'm just a girl, with a pen and a dream
Happiness is there when your dreams, hopes, and desires are compatible with your actions.
...dream BIG like a child!
The beauty of life is in our dream . When our actions transform our dream to a reality we become a success.
You have to pursue your dreams with all your heart.
The faster way to capture the dream is getting started what you believe
I am free to dream.I am free to love.I am free to write.
Never allow your dreams to die. Hold on tightly to your most cherished dreams.
You have to chase your dreams with all your heart.
When the time comes for the fulfillment of the visions, all resources needed are made available by divine power.
Life cannot deny you of what you desired when you are committed to your dreams
Prof. Christoph Heubeck said, "Dream on, dreams can come true.
Be determined to live for your dreams.
I will keep dreaming.My dreams have always come true.It is a great excitement any time a dream is fulfilled.
if you can live life you believe in, you will have everything you need to reach your dream.
Imagine the possibilities of your dreams.
Don't simply dream, create. Don't simply create, ship. Don't simply ship, dream.
If you can dream it up, you can team it up.
Each today, well-lived, makes yesterday a dream of happiness and each tomorrow a vision of hope. Look, therefore, to this one day, for it and it alone is life. -Sanskrit poem
If you can dream it up. You can team it up.
It does not cost you any money to dream.
Whenever you have good dreams never let it go , because dreams are tiny seeds which germinate result into fruitful tomorrow .
Whenever you have good dreams never let it go , because dreams are seed which germinates result into fruitful tomorrow .
How can you use what most excites, angers, or upsets you to achieve what you want to be, do or experience?
Every time you try to block a thought out of your mind, you drive it deeper into your memory. By resisting it, you actually reinforce it.
Those not chasing their dreams should stay out of the way of those who are.
Give as much as importance to your goal as you give it to your first girlfriend, with that much importance your girlfriend might still leave you but your goal will definitely come to you.
Who are your heroes? Why do you look up to them? Why do we respect those who live and think for themselves as opposed to doing what is expected? We all admire the idea of living a life unbound by thoughts of fear. People who seem to live that dream inspire us to want to do the same. They mirror the qualities that we possess but are too scared to access.
Some individuals have the courage to make it, even feel the need to do so; for them the quest is a necessity, not an option. Most people setting out on such journeys are never heard from again, but part of the romance of any field lies in keeping the dream alive, in not settling for what is familiar and comfortable.
Never give up! With every step you take in your journey, you are forming your dreams.
Dare to dream, for in the daring there is defiance to live beyond your circumstances
Through being fired I was given the perfect circumstances to finally answer my calling and live my dream, and I remain grateful to this day for that television network firing me. Without them, I would have refused the call to follow my dream, and I would have missed living the most exciting and fulfilling journey of my life.
The most valuable people in the world are "Visionary People".
Dare to exhaust yourself with all the opportunities this day offers.
If someone thinks your ideas, the dreams bubbling up inside of you, are stupid, welcome to the Club.
reach for the stars because even if you fall there are always the clouds to catch you
Dreams don't get done until they are due.
Your road may turn around, but at one time, at some point, you'll definitely have a chance to be yourself.
Surviving is good, but overcoming is better.
Why should I laugh?' asked the old man. 'Madness in youth is true wisdom. Go, young man, follow your dream, and if you do not find the happiness that you seek, at any rate you will have had the happiness of seeking it.
She wanted to return to her dream. Perhaps it was still somewhere there behind her closed eyelids. Perhaps a little of its happiness still clung like gold dust to her lashes. Don't dreams in fairy tales sometimes leave a token behind?
Want to change the world? Upset the status quo? This takes more than run-of-the-mill relationships. You need to make people dream the same dream that you do.
Success is personal ownership of the dream, and responsibility for its desired outcome.
On having a backup plan: "Always a good plan anytime you want to follow your dream - I love writing, acting, and psychiatry - there are crazy people everywhere which means I can take my career anywhere my dream needs to go.
ANSON: I'll work on making it enough. And I'll work at being enough. For you.
ANSON: I want to give you the world, but a man like me doesn't have the world to give. [He ... leveled her with a gold-eyed look that ripped at her heart.] I can give you me.
KATE: Everyone is effed up, Dalton. At some point, you just have to find someone to share the baggage with.---Dawson Fur Hire (Bears Fur Hire, Book 5)
Once, we lived to love. Now, we live for power. The world is changing. But we cannot stop the evolution, or everything will come apart.
Kurt pick his way around testing for heat before taking each step and avoiding places where the ash was heaps up.
Strong isn't about not being afraid, Caitlin. It's about facing what you're scared of.
Even knowing, as I do now, that grace, power, and, yes, love can hide the darkest elements of the human heart, I would do it all again.
I think the secret to a hoppy life is a selective memory. Remember what you are most grateful for and quickly forget what your not.
Memory is like a curse. We fall into eternity, and memory is a weight that keeps pulling us to where we can never go back to.
Without memory there can be no insight. Without love, there can be no appreciation.
Our memories are like a city: we tear some structures down, and we use the rubble of the old to raise up the new ones.
There's a thine line between being a hero and being a memory.
Conscious access to memory is a unique trait of living things, but memory itself is not. It's encoded in the minute vibrations between elementary particles. Our entire universe is built of information given shape. Part of that is its history. Its memory.
Fame is like drifting clouds, transient and ephemeral. Memory is forever.
When you try to forget, you will never be able to do it. It will only create a stronger memory. You can't erase an event or memory from your memory box or hippocampus. The memory will only get stronger.
If you try to forget it, nothing can erase a memory.
It is easy to create a memory, but it is almost impossible to forget.
A photograph is the best split-second decision one can make!
A memory is never as good as a moment.
The beauty of today may not be realised until it becomes tomorrow's memory
Fear no more as long as her memory surrounds you like a ghost.cry no more as long as she weeps for you like a willow.
Just remember: If you make unfounded assumptions before choosing a path, you're blindly sauntering along.
Happiness is in love, in service, and in beautiful memory.
Life is a journey, education is our pleasure and our memory.
The magic of love is that it becomes our memory which we never can forget.
Hold each moment you create on your sacred journey close to your heart, for that is the location where your memory will be deposited.
Music replays the past memories, awaken our forgotten worlds and make our minds travel.
Don't let the day go by without a handful of fun, for only those we'll be memorable and even intensified through time
Some people say the rain with no purpose and others say with memories and wishes
The 'Instagram Generation' now experiences the present as an anticipated memory.
Our experiences and our memories are within us, and the key is to be aware of the lens or the filter, to realise that we can also change the angle, especially when we are feeling agitated or stuck in life, that we can change the record.
Wish for the best, prepare for the worst
It's not magic. I remember because I make comparisons. Not in terms of better or worse, just different. And not all of these memories are great, but they're mine.Which lends way to believe, that none of our lives are put together on an assembly line. We're not pre-packaged with memories or programmed with stories. We have to make our own.
Consult your memory to know what matters most in your life.
I'd been feeling like this for a while, the continual looking back, the stuckness of it all. I blamed it on the coming New Year, only four and a half months away, when the clocks would read zero and we would start again, could start again, but I knew we wouldn't. Nothing would. The world would be the same, just a little bit worse.
Forgotten hero was never the real hero, real hero can not be forgotten.
An act of kindness may take only a moment of our time, but when captured in the heart the memory lives forever.
So these things happen, deep in our lives. We do not speak of them. We hide them even from ourselves, but they do not leave us.
All great roads are paved with uncomfortable memories.
In our beautiful memoryWe were all handsomeWe could all singWe all had the heart Of the prettiest girl in townAnd we all hit .300
If I could just capture each memory in a bottle the maybe you people would understand how much I've suffered, how much I've been through, but most importantly how far I have come.
... perhaps the clock hands had become so tired of going in the same direction year after year that they had suddenly begun to go the opposite way instead...
It's easy, there's a trick to it, you do it or you die.
Touch magic. Pass it on.
Everything in the world is actually connected. That means, even if we get separated, we'll never be alone
Magic lies in between things, between the day and the night, between yellow and blue, between any two things.
I live in a world without magic or miracles. A place where there are no clairvoyants or shapeshifters, no angels or superhuman boys to save you. A place where people die and music disintegrates and things suck. I am pressed so hard against the earth by the weight of reality that some days I wonder how I am still able to lift my feet to walk.
A radiant glow enveloped Alaura. Soft eruptions of various shades of effervescent green danced in the air and frolicked in the locks of her dark blonde hair. Whispers of yellows and blues revealed themselves near the skin, kissing the air with each leap.
Wizards? Do you mean they do things a different way?""No, just the way we do,"Merlin replied.With a flick of his finger he lit the soggy heap of kindling that Arthur had gathered (...) A blaze leapt up on the instant. Merlin then opened his hands and produced some food out of thin air.
And at last she woke up in the middle of one warm night and said, "Yes, but now.
Magic lies in the little things
i love watching what you become when life thinks it has you cornered.
Vibe high and the magic around you will unfold.
Magic to be its best must be unexpected".
Magic to be its best must be unexpected.
You can never get enough of adventure
Each choice strengthens the magic you bring to the world, either for good or for evil. Those choices are yours alone.~Mab Atkinson
Because when you finally find the one against all odds, you give him your best and let the magic of the world carry the rest.
She used to think that if she stole enough, the want would fade, the hunger would go away, but maybe it wasn't that simple. Maybe it wasn't a matter of what she didn't have, of what she wasn't, but what she was.
I like to believe magic is all around us, finding its way into everyday life one miracle at a time.
Live whatever draws out the magic within.
Once you realize life is magic, you will never look upon the world with dimmed eyes again.
Things are wonderful when we look at them with magic in our hearts.
Life is an illusion. Don't forget to enjoy the magnificence of magic.
I want them to see the magic of how everything is related: To walk out into the night and see the Green Corn Moon levitate across the sky.
Perhaps in the stillness of a summer night they will feel compelled to walk barefoot down a moonlit country road and search for the magic that connects all beings in the Circle of Life.
For Magic to happen in our lives, we need to be open minded about magical things happening
Life is magical! You are magic!
Life has this beautiful way of opening doors when you least expect it. How thy open is sometimes never known. But does that not only further justify the magic and the possibility to the thought, that there is more to life than that which meets thee eye.
Earth or Fillory, did it even matter? What was the huge conundrum? Everywhere you looked there was so much richness, you could never exhaust it.
What an utter disgrace it would be to find something truly magic and spend any time at all pretending and trying to convince yourself it is all just an unbelievably orchestrated and beautifully choreographed illusion.
Sometimes what we want or don't want doesn't matter in the end. Sometimes magic doesn't listen after all.
Words are more dangerous than swords and guns. They reach further and hurt deeper.
No matter how hard you try, after the Day there will always be a Night...
Humans spend more time finding ways to fight and criticize who they consider a threat than actually learning how to overcome that threat.
We live in Secret. We live in Silence. And we live Forever...
However, the real beauty is not in the words themselves, but in the listener that has the power to understand them.
Sometimes the dim veil between sanity and insanity is perception.
Knowledge is a sacred gem that must be conquered,wielded and empowered. To access such gnosis is not a right,but a privilege of the evolved.
The night is Ours. Rejoicing in the ethereal realms where We are kings. Blessed souls of forgotten immortality. They fear Us in every grasp.
It is safer to face a strong enemy in the field of battle, than to fight a war by the side of a weak friend.
When fully united, without ego or weakness, we become the greatest invisible force this world has ever witnessed.
An Asetian never tries to talk louder than the crowd surrounding him. An Asetian becomes that crowd.
PeterSwirling dreamsDragons knewTouching life to winDeep inside many other worldsWhere should we begin?
You have to believe in magic to see it.
My path will weaveThe way you sayThere is no doubtYou'll create the way
Art is a deception that creates real emotions - a lie that creates a truth. And when you give yourself over to that deception, it becomes magic.
As long as we don't cut off our hearts, the inner workings of the universe illuminate before us.
Give freely to the world these gifts of love and compassion. Do not concern yourself with how much you receive in return, just know in your heart it will be returned.
Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, when I give I give myself.
Be tough minded but tenderhearted.
The most worth-while thing is to try to put happiness into the lives of others.
Today I will take the opportunity to do unanticipated good.
Embrace love and compassion with all your spirit. Understand that they never hurt or offend, they just heal and empower.
As long as you are standing, give a hand to those who have fallen.
We don't need any sort of religious orientation to lead a life that is ethical, compassionate & kind.
We find greater lightness & ease in our lives as we increasingly care for ourselves & other beings.
Once someone appears to us primarily as an object, kindness has no place to root.
Loving others is the greatest gift we can give ourselves. Altruism that rewards one's self.
The essence of the Dharma (the teachings of the Buddha) is about identifying the cause of our suffering & alleviating it.
It was the last time I would ever do that.
How do we change the world? By sending out a ripple of love that will affect one person at a time.
Ignite the fire of loving kindness in your soul, fuel that fire with understanding and compassion for others, and start a bonfire of love worldwide.
I appreciate anyone that tries to make this world a better place.
Despite the fact that we cannot be absolutely altruistic in our behavior, we can still build our character to be loving and compassionate - to empathize with others.
He taught me that it's okay to be a star, but to never forget that there are millions of other stars out there waiting for someone to recognize them for what they are - to treat people as if they too are important, special, and full of light.
We are all in the same cart, going to execution; how can I hate anyone or wish anyone harm?
Have greater compassion and empathy for others, and don't judge anyone, because you have no idea what's going on in their life.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.
There are miracles and glory in every child. Our glory lies in empowering them to flourish their glory.
Only love and compassion can bring true and lasting transformation
She had stars in her eyes and galaxies in her veins
Sometimes the people who are the hardest to love are the ones who need it most.
Be a vessel of love and fill up with compassion and kindness. Then give it away with unconditional love.
Where there is darkness, let me be the light. Where there is suffering, let me be kind and compassionate.
Morality without kindness and compassion is very dangerous.
Your outer world mirrors your inner world. How you view your outer world is how you view you, your inner world, the 'you' that needs your care, your attention, your compassion and your love.
You may possibly become rich by just caring about yourself and what you want to gain from life but you cannot possibly enrich the lives of everyone you meet that way. The pathway to enlightenment and transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.
The greatest thing a human being can do is to be compassionate to humanity.
No animals needs to die in order for me to live. And that makes me feel good.
People eat meat and think they will become strong as an ox, forgetting that the ox eats grass.
Once you come to terms with why you don't eat cats, dogs, monkeys, and dolphins, you will begin to understand why I don't eat cows, pigs, chickens, and lambs.
A holiday is for kindness, compassion, love, and holiness; it is not for laziness or craziness.
I have three powers to win the world: my omnipotent love, my omnipresent kindness, and my omniscient compassion.
Happiness is an inner perception. It comes from simplicity, kindness, love, and compassion.
I replay the scene again and again, the broken mashed-up face looming over me, the knowledge between the two of us that I'd done it. That act of kindness is still more unfathomable to me than any cruelty.
If kindness isn't your strong suit, then you need to change clothes.
We each have the power to give. It's the most gratifying feeling ever. By reaching out to help another human being you're sending ripples of positive change.
Happiness will bloom With fragrance and beautyIf you plant the seeds of loveWith a deep driving desire in the garden of hopeAnd nurture with tenderness,Compassion, and care;If you are always eager to share.
Love, gratitude, compassion, and kindness are the sources of all enduring, pure happiness.
Perhaps a seemingly dull, boring person is not a person who lacks personality, but rather a person with so much personality most other things bore them.
You know the world has gone mad when those who have enlightened, compassionate views and future visions, are accused of borderline insanity, ridiculed and criticised for thinking positively.
I believe that the more time we spend choosing to run the deep inner-peace circuitry of our right hemispheres, the more peace we will project into the world, and the more peaceful our planet will be.
Great compassion is the root of altruistic action, the object of amazement to the world;there is no greater source of help and happiness.
Through Compassion and Care we are compelled to random acts of kindness and demonstrations of love.
Life is an endless sea of admiration, in constant collision with those who have aspired, to feel inspired once again.
All work done with love is healing work.
It is a hard lesson to learn and a lesson we most of us need to learn at some point: We cannot assume to know a person's history from their face.
He who fights is powerless, but he who loves is power itself.
When you shall have learned to know, and to love, you will still suffer. The day is born in tears. The luminous weep, if only over those in darkness.
The sacred stillness of your brilliant hearthas as the myriad wonders masqueraded.But if you knew this secret from the start,then you'd have quit this Game before you played it.
Ayurveda teaches us to love "as is" - not as we think people "should be.
Having a vested interest in other souls unconditionally creates a ripple effect that produces miracles in the lives of those around us.
A person can put up any kind of protective wall, but love and truth always find a way around it.
A simple truth delivered in kindness may be the impetus that ignites a passionate fire in another's soul and goes on to become the source of motivation for positive change.
Love is the ultimate creator.
While happiness is an end in itself, it is also the state of mind we can have right now.
Success follows those who champion a cause greater than themselves.
There's often a reason why people and dogs bite. It's about self-protection. If we respect what we may not know about the suffering of others and look at them compassionately, we open the door that can lead to understanding.
Familiarity is the gateway drug to empathy.
To me, empathy and compassion are among the bravest of emotions ... and faith, the bravest of convictions.
There are ultimately two choices in life: to fight it or to embrace it. If you fight it you will lose - if you embrace it you become one with it and you'll be lived.
Be a nonbeliever, but never forget to believe in yourself.
Poetry happens when there is nothing to say but you have a volcano hidden inside you waiting to erupt.
Be a great writer when you write your life's song.
Let the waves of ocean teach you how to love and dance.
Strive to be value oriented rather than success oriented.
We come to this world with an abundance of hope, a deep desire to love, and a longing to belong.
Remember, every failure makes you stronger and wiser.
Time never changes-only we change. We measure the changes of our lives and think that we are measuring time. We are just measuring the movement of the earth.
The best gifts in life are the memories of love that we have given away.
In your heart, create a world full of flowers and love.
In a world full of cruelty and hatred, be loving and kind so that you may transform the perception of life.
You belong to everything andeverything belongs to you.You are in the beauty of a flower.You are also in the nourishing spring shower.Then why do you fear to change?You just lose your nameand your inner beauty remains the same.
Adversity often defines dignity.
The easiest way to make life beautiful is to always believe that it is beautiful.
Dance as if you got lost in the mystery and beauty of life.
Only with the wings of lovecan you fly.Only with the light of lovecan you see the starIn a moonlit sky.
He who lives in love enjoys life.
You may fall many times, but you must keep going.
Take me to the land of lovers where flowers bloom with love, birds sing with love, and hearts long for hearts.
Love is the bridge that crosses over the river of hate.
Take every opportunity to express kindness.
Stay in love.
Take me to a land where love never ends.
Let us be the wind of love that touches every heart and blows away all of the misery and sadness.
Like a child, always enjoy the world.
If you know how blessed you are, you will never ever complain.
A thinker can truly think only when there is true freedom of thought.
Morality is often very immoral.
You cannot truly enjoy a flower until you can see her inner beauty and feel her purpose of life.
Our teaching systems mostly teach us how to conform but not how to reform.
Not knowing about the ultimate purpose of our lives causes tremendous amounts of suffering.
Every human being is a reflection of this universe.
The language of love is not words but feelings.
The power of our subconscious thoughts and desires attracts good luck.
You create your own masterpiece as your actions draw pictures of your life canvas.
Kindness is the language of eternal consciousness.
The most effective weapon is love.
The most attractive force is a smile.
Failure is an opportunity to reflect and realize.
Live earnestly and respond consciously with love.
For all of the blessings of your life, be always grateful.
When computers are able to imagine, then humanity will get its death notice.
The mind uses the power of thought to win the world.
Smile! Accept hatred with love.
Remember, today's truth could be tomorrow's absurdity.
Greatness always inspires you to be great.
The best way to be happy is to be kind to someone.
I love the sweet sound of my name when you say it with love.
I have learned to be happy by calming my ego.
A beautiful heart finds beauty in everything.
To beautify the world, let your love bloom like a flower.
Love without reason-bloom without season.
Smile because you are amazing.
Every woman is beautiful. Every woman is amazing because every woman's heart is filled with the motherly instinct of unconditional love.
Kindness is the prettiest makeup.
Love is the ultimate style.
Love just for love-not for a reason.
Fall in love to find the beauty of life.
To be beautiful, love is the best makeup to wear.
Your smile has magic in it.
Believe that you are not only beautiful, but you are amazing and wonderful.
Be the love that you are always looking for.
Knowing why you are is your purpose.Knowing who you are is your style.Knowing what you are is your character
To be beautiful, be the person who helps others to reveal their own beauty.
This world is full of kind and compassionate people just like you.
Every woman has a distinctive sense of beauty which is uniquely charming and euphoric.
A smile is the most beautiful dance of a woman's heart.
Let it be love that you are living in.
A fundamental shift of our perceptions and consciousness are necessary for any great improvements for mankind.
To make your life beautiful, impregnate your thoughts with beauty.
You can only depend on one person and that is you.
Every sunrise gives you an opportunity to begin again.
Sometimes failing gives you the opportunity to build a better foundation.
You can't fail when it is not an option.
We may not remember life, but we never forget touches of love.
You are my universe! I am longing to belong!
Even in the cloudy sky, the sun never forgets to rise.
Can you imagine what will happen if just for one day the sun forgot to rise?
With every sunrise our hearts sing with joy, our minds dance with love, and our lives get new meaning
The best things in life are not things, but they are our beautiful loving thoughts.
Don't use your words to criticize, condemn, or complain; us your words to appreciate, inspire, and empower.
The universe created us to be happy.
Most often simplicity defines the true beauty of a great life.
To feel the joy of life, sell your pride and get lost in the simplicity and humility.
Suffering is never wasted. Most often those who suffer the most will learn the most.
To expect more, be more.
Never forget to express your gratitude for your blessings.
Love and care can transform the impossible to possible and ugliness into beauty.
Don't conform. Don't live in a small dirty pond when the ocean of life is lovingly inviting you.
Forgive and forget ugliness. Look around to find beauty and focus on it.
To refresh our lives, let us forget and forgive and begin anew.
You cannot fill your life with happiness when you insist on living a stressful life.
Just change your attitude and perception to change your life.
Laughter enlightens our hearts and lightens life's burdens.
Shine like a candle of love to enlighten the world like the moon.
Faith activates inner strength and universal power to help you in your endeavors.
Make every person feel special. Let them feel loved.
Tie everyone you meet today with your garland of love and kindness.
Be brave enough to be simple and humble.
A smile is a subliminal way of saying, Hi dear, You are beautiful!
Let me be an ocean and let me kiss you as many times as the ocean kisses the shore.
If love is the music of the heart, then philosophy should be the music of the mind.
In this complex modern world, it is impossible to be simple.
Time is standing still like the sun. We are the ones moving around time like planets orbiting the sun.
We often try to understand the world without understanding ourselves.
Isn't it true that philosophy is a barrier? For sure it screens and modifies every bit of information that the mind allows to enter.
We have to change our thoughts before things can change.
What you love loves you back.
The best things in life are simple, abundant, and free.
Believe in your purposes. Define yourself endlessly.
Love deeply to live profoundly.
Beliefs are the umbrella that we use to protect ourselves on rainy days.
You make this world better by changing your thoughts and by becoming better.
Often morality defines our inner philosophy.
Let us be kind to make a difference in someone's life.
Be truly romantic even when you are alone.
The most wonderful things that life can offer do not have price tags.
Curiosity is the ultimate beauty of an adventurous mind.
When our beliefs are false we can justify anything to prove our beliefs.
Quality of life depends on quality and quantity of happiness.
Love never follows laws.
You only live when you truly get lost in love.
You are only free when you can grow wings of wisdom to fly away from the cage of societal conformity.
In matters of love, spread kindness like a flower.
No matter what, love everyone because everyone is craving love.
To reveal your greatness, see the greatness in everyone. Ignore pettiness and forgive everyone.
A touch of love makes everything better.
When you are success oriented it is much easier to succeed than to fail.
Life is nothing but a transient dream dancing at the tip of a leaf called time.
When you are seeing a person, you are not really seeing him. You are seeing his reflection through the mirror of your mind.
When you are looking at a person, you are not seeing him; you are seeing yourself through his reflective mirror.
As a bird has the right to sing, so shall every human being have the right to think and express thoughts.
There is nothing wrong and nothing right. Our teachings and thoughts make it so.
I don't know who you are, but I want to let you know that I really care.
Fill yourself with love to feel the abundance of life.
Start each day with thoughts of gratitude and you will attract the power of love.
Love is the only bridge between life and happiness.
Don't wait for a perfect husband, love a man endlessly to make him perfect.
Expect success, abundance, and happiness. You will attract only that which you expect.
Always care and love that which makes you happy.
We see eternity through a microscopic window of time.
Follow reason but don't ignore that gut feeling. We create reasons with our limited knowledge and experience, but gut feelings often come from universal knowledge.
Follow reason, but don't ignore that gut feeling.
We often what to be a success but we don't know why.
Most often we forget to live our lives by being too busy passing the time.
We fear pain so much that if the truth hurts, we embrace the lies.
The power of attraction is the attractive power of thoughts, imaginations, and love.
All the most difficult problems become easy when we find the solutions.
Science is nothing but the process of finding solutions.
If you put a money sign in front of your eyes, how will you see the world?
Patriotism is dangerous, but kindness is always kind.
A moment of anger is a moment of resentment and madness which can burn your heart.
I came to this world to bloom and spread my love to fill the world with happiness.
Time is standing still. We are measuring ourselves by how far we are going.
I belong therefore I exist.
Life is nothing but a dance of hope, desires, and love.
Get drunk with love!!
Space and heaven are looking at you with billions of eyes just to appreciate the beauty of life.
If you want to win, you must win over your mind.
Our minds control us with desires and fears.
If we fight with love, we will have no chance to lose.
The measure of success is not by opulence but by happiness
Be thoughtful but never forget to be kind.
None of us have true freedom because every one of us has to conform.
What your precious life wants to be or do-it is only up to you.
Opportunities are endless when you are ready to find them.
The most pleasant surprise is to get lost in the beauty of life.
You will only have what you give away.
To be happy you must have happy thoughts.
Summer arrives with the morning sun.Beach time breezes in with endless fun.
When you cease to love, you cease to exist.
There are three absolute freedoms that we have that no one can take away; freedom to think, freedom to love and freedom to feel the joys of life.
Every problem gets solved with time.
To find the deep meaning of life, you must get lost in the blue sky and go beyond your comfort zone.
All journeys begin in our minds and not on the road.
What you want let it go., if it is truly yours, it will come back to you.
If you encounter defeat, you must persist to be a winner.
With the power of your love, you can change the world.
Love yourself so much that you can never harm yourself. Remember, you can never harm others without harming yourself.
I wanted to get lost to find myself.
Smile to enjoy the beauties of life.
To get lost, all you need is poetry.
Life is for living not achieving.
Kindness is sweeter than your sweet voice.
With endless possibilities, every morning the sunrises.
If you fear to take risks, your life will always be risky.
Poetry of the universe is written with flowers and the lights of love on a canvas we call earth.
You came to this world with the promise to live an extraordinary life.
The biggest adventure in life is life itself.
Always walk toward the direction of your love.
You may never get back this life, so do something in this lifetime worthy of celebration.
Who are you? What are you? Why are you?
What does it mean to be alive?
To find yourself, get lost for others.
We live not for the years but for the moments.
Every person may not be great, but there is some greatness in every person.
Nothing great happens without a great idea.
An obstacle is an opportunity in disguise.
Change like a treeWhen it is winterDon't complain or fearJust wait for the spring To bloom and sing
Leaves leave this world in beautiful fall colors and songs.
Be kind like a flower and know that life is beautiful like springtime.
Your smile is the light of your soul. Don't ever turn it off.
Do not ignore your best friend because some other friend hurt you.
O, flower! If you bloom with love in spring, will you understand if my soul sings?
The warmth of my love will transform winter into spring and adorn you with floral blooms of my heart.
Love must be as beautiful as spring flowers and as bright as the morning sun.
Like a bird, my thoughts were flying away so I became a writer to cage my thoughts with paper and pen. You should not call me a writer but rather a catcher of thoughts.
When the beauty and warmth of summer is here,then dancing leaves with colors are not too far.
Be courageous. Get out of your comfort zone to live fully and abundantly.
Like a yogi, bend your thoughts to change your life.
In the end, nothing else matters except the love we have shared.
Let your heart be an infant of hope not an adult of despair.
To live a great life, focus and do what makes you happy.
Any obstacle is an opportunity to gain strength and think differently.
Nothing can stop you from achieving your goals if you have a deep driving persistent desire.
An attitude of gratitude fills a heart with happiness.
The secret of success is a pleasant personality with a sincere enthusiastic attitude.
Do not seek wealth or splendor, but seek true wisdom, freedom, and joy of life.
The beauty of a face is transient, but the beauty of a heart is everlasting and magnificent.
I am a speck of dust in an ocean of time, floating with the waves of change, vanishing with the infinite. I have no time to complain, condemn, or criticize because I am so busy loving, enjoying, appreciating, and being kind.
When we see goodness in everything and everyone, we become good.
To understand the song of love, listen with your heart.
I am fearless because I know the power of my love and beauty of my soul.
We are never separated. Our hearts are connected with a threadless garland called love.
To illuminate the world, let your love shine like the morning sun.
Every morning tell the sun that you are magical, helpful, and beautiful like the sun.
To vanish with the infinite, I am floating with the waves of change in the ocean of time.
The best gift that we can give to our friends is true love and sincere appreciation.
At the end of our lives, every moment is so priceless.
Focus on your purpose, and your stress will melt away.
Hope is my guideline, happiness is my purpose, and love is my life's strength and power.
Slow down. Life is crossing the road.
The wisest people are often the simplest.
Jealousy is the art of burning yourself inside out.
Be wild and boundless. Why are you crawling when you have wings of imagination?
I want to accidentally fall into a deep ocean of love and get lost.
Love, laugh, learn, live.
In darkness, be your own light.
Just be calm to enjoy the charm.
You can never explain it. At its best, you can only feel love and beauty.
Take a deep breath. Now feel the joy of life.
All that you are is because of your choices.
No money can buy back the moment that is gone
Just relax and enjoy the magnificence of life.
Life is for learning. Life is for loving. Life is for living and life is for forgiving.
The time is always right for the right thing.
Live your life to care and your inner wealth to share.
Be the light of love to enlighten the whole world.
A true lover is like a flower.
A true lover can never hate or hurt another.
The best friend you will ever find is you. Love yourself with joy and fill your heart with bliss and happiness.
Whoever you meet in your journey of life, enlighten them with the light of your love and kindness.
A mother's love is more beautiful than any fresh flower.
When you build a relationship with your inner self, you will never be alone.
Everyone has a divine beauty. Beware, underneath there may be a hidden diabolical ego.
A photograph captures a magical moment for the future to ponder.
Always be in love.
Be joyful and beautiful like a flower and share your treasures with the universe.
Burn your fear of failure with the fire of desire so that you may open the door of success.
If there are no barriers to cross or demons to slay in the journey to reach your desired destination, how can you call it a success?
Let me talk to my mother. She is listening from the above.
To love is to open the window of your heart for all of the beauty of the world to come in and dance with the joy in your soul.
Sometimes when you are falling down you grow wings to fly.
Death is the end of our ephemeral life and the beginning of an infinite eternal life.
Every new friend is a new journey through a brand new road toward a brand new mysterious heart.
Let it be then let it go.
My mission in life is to be kind, compassionate, caring, and loving in order to find and feel the deepest joy of life.
Find what is beautiful in a person and appreciate it. Ignore what is wrong.
If a nation blames other nations for its problems, most likely that nation will always be having problems.
Focus on greatness to be great.
Think and unfold the beauty of your mind.
There is only one thing to learn and that is how to love and be love.
If your love never ends, you become a legend.
You can feel sweetness of heart even if you're not an expert.
The morning sun has a lesson to teach us-without judging, love everyone as he does.
You can love everyone, but you can never hurt anyone else without hurting yourself. You will burn yourself for the rest of your life with this fire and agony.
Home is- Where the heart wants to dwell, Where the mind wants to dance, Where the air is always pleasant, And where love is always abundant.
The sweetest song is the beautiful smile of a loving woman.
Happiness is there when you are in love with what you are doing.
Happiness is not found in success, but it is found in the essence and byproduct of success.
There is no perfect condition so now is the perfect time and today is the perfect day to take action.
The highest happiness on earth exists in the donation of self for the betterment of others.
Life gets easier when you are ready to face the stress and storms of life.
Grow your love by donating to others everyday.
Success is there when you continue to break your own records.
I am infected with the eternal virus of love. I am eager to spread it, and I never want a cure.
Life is a journey toward the unknown. That is why life is so exciting!
Let your life be joyful, mystical, everlasting blossoms of poetic ecstasy.
Clean your home first before complaining about others.
Be wise like water and adapt, adjust, and appreciate whomever you are with and wherever you are.
The door of opportunity is always open, but nobody bothers to push the door open. They just get tired out by knocking and then they leave.
Knowing the truth is important, but following the truth is much more important.
Emulate greatness to be great.
Life is a simple straight line between birth and death. The problem is you only realize it at the end of the line.
Whatever you do, let it be done with profound love.
Music is the eternal language of love for every living species.
Behind every smile there is love, thought, and action.
All people have similar desires and needs. They only pursue them in different ways.
Often we concentrate on the process and forget the results.
If you see only goodness in people, then people will be good.
When you have left your life, you will be judged not for your possessions but for your contributions.
What we think and love persistently will be what we become.
Follow your own morality but never forget to be kind. Kindness is always better than morality.
True progress happens slowly, unnoticeable, like a flower blooms slowly and silently.
What you give away with love will always remain with you.
Abundance comes from giving not from receiving.
As if you are their mother, be kind to others.
Never lose your sense of common sense.
Morality is good when we use it to live our lives but not to hurt anyone.
Live as if your life has become an example of goodness for others to follow.
Live for great hope and the beauty of dreams.
If you want to live longer and to be strong, intelligent, loving, and kind--then don't follow a tiger. Follow an elephant.
In life, your greatest wealth is not your money, but it is your time.
You are a true success if you can trust yourself, love yourself, and be yourself.
You must have a definite purpose of life and a deep desire to achieve it. Without purpose, life is boring.
Live as if today is the last day of your life. Love and be kind as if this is the last chance to express it.
You are a prisoner of conformity when you care about what other people think.
When you have a definite purpose of life, the universe will reveal the path to attainment.
At the end of my life I want to say, I lived every moment of it.
What we think is life. What we do just defines it.
The purpose of life is to be happy by loving, giving, and forgiving.
For some people, life is boring. For some it is exciting. For some life is wrestling while for others it is dancing. For some people life is a long hard reality, and for others it is an ephemeral dream. Life is how you make it or how you take it.
When someone is unkind, respond with kindness.
Every life has a divine purpose and that is to be happy.
I have found the key to a happy life is to get lost in love.
I am deeply in love with my life. With profound gratitude, I love and enjoy everything around me.
Yoga is not just a workout, it is a natural way of enhancing flexibility, calmness, clarity, and youthfulness.
Fear is a shadow of false perception and unreal imaginations.
The true purpose of your life is your ultimate abode.
Your eyes have no power to see. They only create optical illusions. Only the mind can see it when it is ready to see it.
Act, not for results, just for action.Give, not for appreciation, just to help.Be kind, not for something in return, just to love.
The greatest undiscovered splendid wealth is hidden in the most exquisite palace in the never ending land of your mind. You just have to find the wealth.
Time is the most valuable currency so spend it wisely
Love yourself first in order to endlessly love others.
The best treasure of life is not wealth, but it is simplicity with confidence.
When it is summer, enjoy it, but you must also prepare for winter.
Water is very soft and submissive, but not even the mighty mountain can resist it.
When you give away everything without expecting anything in return, only then will everything belong to you.
To be what you always wanted to be, step away from conformity.
I love, so I belong.
To be worthy of recognition, be humble.
I never argue with a person; with love, I listen in deep silence.
Glorify what is great not what is important.
If you don't want to leave your home, how can you begin your journey to what you want?
Always be the solution-not the problem.
When love is your power, then you will not have anything to fear.
You only win when you let others win.
He who accumulates has little. He who gives away has much.
If you want to live forever, give yourself away for others.
The best fighter fights with love and kindness.
To love is the supreme right of the human heart.
There are thousands of ways to get rich, but there is only one way to reach the island of happiness. You need unconditional love to reach that island.
Your actions reveal your thoughts.
Actions are the flowers of thoughts.
A sound body with a non-judgmental mind and a heart full of love is the fountain of happiness.
All wealth is the product of thoughts, labor, and love.
The ultimate profit of all businesses should be happiness.
What you say about the world reflects more about you and your perception of the world than the world itself.
Your world is nothing but a reflection of your mind and all of its contents.
Happiness is an indescribable intense ecstasy of life that comes from deep love and kindness for the world and all of its contents.
To gain wisdom, try to understand with love.
A smile is the best compliment of love for a friend and for a stranger.
To be simple, be kind. To be free, be non-judgmental. To be happy, be kind and loving.
To let love come in, you must smile to open the window of your mind.
To build the bridges of love, extend your hands of kindness.
Life is a window of opportunity to love and enjoy.
The highest freedom of mind comes from becoming non-judgmental.
Do not desire to be recognized, but always desire to do your best to help humanity.
When I try to write in English, I feel like a bird without wings still trying to fly.
Kindness is the best wisdom. Simplicity is the best achievement.
To be is to belong.
The most important question that we should ask is, How can I serve?
Morality without kindness is the most dangerous weapon.
If you cultivate inner peace, flowers of happiness will grow in your garden to spread the fragrance of peace all over the world.
Act as if you are the hero of the movie we call life.
He who does not know how to appreciate flowers will not be able to see the beauty of life
When you fill yourself with inner joy and inner peace, this world becomes peaceful.
Be as peaceful as a dancing spring flower.
Inner peace has no correlation with success or failure-winning or losing.
If you want to conform, then how can you change?
Nothing can destroy your inner peace except your uncontrolled thoughts.
If you do not have inner peace, you may not be able to find it anywhere.
I often fear to talk so occasionally I express my opinions and my love in writing.
You may think you will never get caught for your wrongdoing, but be assured that you will be imprisoned by your wrongdoing.
You are a pure fresh flower in the garden of my heart.
The journey of life is amazingly beautiful if you take it as a fearless adventure.
Be kind to others-not because they deserve kindness-but because you deserve inner peace.
When you are able to find your peace of mind, you will fill your world with peace.
Holding on to grudges holds you back from achieving success.
Don't forget to enjoy the winter, but never give up hopes for the spring.
Purpose driven attitude of service is the driving force for daring success.
Have you become a song in someone's heart?
You are a beautiful flower of love in the endless wilderness of time.
A true friend fills our lives with the aroma of love.
To be a success, be in love with your business.
The worst thing you can do is to hate someone. The best thing you can do is to totally love someone without expectations.
Finally, you are in the most magical world having the most wonderful time. Let us not fill it with stress or anxieties.
A peaceful mind creates joyful thoughts and fills the world with infinite joy.
If you cannot change your condition, change your perception.
Listening is the best way to complement and value others opinion.
You cannot have a beautiful life if you always focus on ugliness in others.
Anyone who is dreaming of a beautiful future is living in a wonderful world.
Sometimes by failing we find a better opportunity to win.
To make it a perfect season, love everyone without reason.
Be winds of kindness and be kind to all.
Your sorrow is yours--truly yours. No one can borrow or share it. No one can carry it for you.
This universe is alive. Every molecule is alive, but all of them have different levels of consciousness.
When you love with kindness it will never give you heartaches.
The wisest has nothing, knows nothing, but loves everything.
Truth is different at different stages of wisdom and awareness.
To make it a perfect season, let us feel joy and love everyone without a reason.
Giving without expectation is the beauty of humanity and its foundation.
To grow-overcome and go beyond your barrier.
Words cannot express love. Only thoughts of love born in silence can do that.
Everything you love also loves you.
I really don't want to win. I just want to improve and be better than I was.
Suddenly, I find the most beautiful smiles in your eyes.
Be simple to fill life with abundance.
You have to be insane enough to live an insanely beautiful life.
I love the tranquility, serenity, generosity, and the beauty of the ocean.
Even though I have not yet met you, you are part of me and I am part of you.
Find out the difference between ethics and morality, but never forget to be kind.
Forever, time is standing still. We are flying away with the wings of desire we call life.
The most important decision that we can make in our lives is the decision to be happy.
I wanted to become courageous so I started to accept everything with kindness.
Morality is societal, but kindness is universal. Be kind even if it not always ethical.
I wholeheartedly believe in the power and truths of love and kindness.
Love is the miraculous power of life.
Love someone deeply and unconditionally to find the magical power of love.
To be a success, love what you do and what you love.
Science is a kind of worship to find the truth.
A baby is a dancing joy of life.
Be different to make a difference.
To enjoy a great life, often have a great laugh.
Our most important duty in life is to love. Our most important success in life is happiness.
You must be the most beautiful and sophisticated thief I have ever met. Secretly you stole my heart without my knowledge.
Ignore cynicism, appreciate criticism, and embrace optimism.
To profoundly understand a baby, you must first be a mother.
My home is my heart. I am wandering through the way of love.
Always believe that life is amazing.
With love and faith everything is possible.
Hope is the flower of life.
Smile like the morning sun to fill life with fun.
The whole night I was thinking and dreaming to give you the most beautiful gift and that is my heart.
Think differently to change the society.
Your limits are set by your thoughts. Remember, you can change them by changing your thoughts.
Expect to wonder to find wonder.
Find the truth and forget the mistake.
Water is soft and humble, but it is the most powerful and is the most endurable.
A baby is the source of pure joy, a bundle of a warm smile, and a heart of dancing love.
Win them with your infectious optimism and burning smile.
Fire can destroy everything, but it is also the most important creative force.
We often forget to draw a new picture because we are so busy criticizing other paintings.
Sometimes the most important thing to do is to do nothing.
Purpose is more important than the process that leads there.
Let it go with love to let it be yours forever.
If your will is your deepest pure desires, then it will manifest in its own due time.
Like the darkness of night, difficult times don't last.
My writings are the mirror of my soul and the dance of my mind.
In life, there is always something to feel wonderful about.
Feel wonderful because life is nothing but the most beautiful journey.
Either get busy living your life or life will leave you behind.
Failure could bring the best opportunity to start the most wonderful life.
Let your actions sing the best melody of life so that everyone can joyfully listen to it.
If you think it can be done, then go ahead with boldness. Don't listen to those who do not believe in your dreams.
You are the song of my mind, melody of my soul, dance of my spirit, and the indescribable ecstasy of my life.
If you do not enjoy a moment, you lose it forever. If you enjoy it, it is yours forever.
You have to be a great lover to be a beloved.
The best revenge is kind forgiveness.
In this hospitable world it is much harder to be unsuccessful than successful.
To be a best friend, the best word to live by is reciprocity.
Society judges people by their successes. I get attracted by their dedication, simplicity, and humility.
Never lose hope. Never forget the power of intentions and desires.
Be humble and kind. Kindness has power in it. Look at Mother Teresa, the truest example of kindness. She was humble, kind, and fragile yet she was also a symbol of power. I have never heard of a woman more powerful than her. When we hear name, we must bow our heads with deep respect.
Most often we are victims by our own choice.
Nothing but your choices define your life.
Even if you are strange, you may not be able to deny that we all live in the same home that we call Earth. So let us love her.
To think freely--you and only you can liberate yourself from the conformity of your society.
Never complain, condemn, or criticize; just show them how to do better.
Thoughts are more alive than you are. Without thoughts, are you there?
When your intentions are to serve, you will be served.
To serve the world, serve yourself first by becoming happy and the best person that you can be.
Feelings of guilt are the worst punishment. You are being punished by yourself.
What we call human is nothing but a dance of trillions of well organized, interconnected, interesting, and magical molecules.
With persistence and never-ending improvements you can be the best.
You have to think before you can feel. You have to conceive before you can perceive.
For success, focus on possibilities not problems.
The thing I regret the most is that I cannot help everyone who really needs it.
Life is too short to hate anything. I am too busy to love and enjoy everything.
The power of your intentions has a greater impact on your life than your actions.
I don't regret or fear my problems and roadblocks. They have made me brave and given me the opportunity to overcome them.
Be a fairy. Dance like a butterfly.
Do you live to eat or eat to live?
A question impresses me more than an answer.
We celebrate the event not the time.
Knowing is important, but understanding is everything.
Find the problems-not to complain-but to solve.
I do not fight with enemies, I try to help them and love them for their ignorance.
Never forget to express your gratitude for the abundance and beauty of your life.
True freedom is a mental condition that no one can take or give to you.
Wisdom is the adobe of a great mind.
The best defense is to change and adapt without losing values and morals.
Attract everyone! Smile like a flower.
We are here to feel the joy of life, to love, and to expand the happiness.
Death is the transcendence of life to a new level to begin an endless eternal life.
If you fear doing something, don't discourage others who are doing it.
A small positive thought can bring a magical change to the world.
Give life a chance.
It is raining in my heart.Humanity is shedding a tear.I asked, Who is suffering?Is it my mother?Silence.No answer.Everyone has a mother,And she always suffers.Why as a child do we let our mothers suffer?I could not get an answer.
Life is magical when you are drunk with love.
If you want to win, be bold but patient.
Every day of our life has risk. So never fear to take one.
When you are having a difficult time, don't lose your cool. Don't hurry--be silent, listen, and think to find the way.
Your journey will end in an unknown planet. Fully enjoy your journey.
When you have the right intention, the right opportunity will open the door.
When you sing with love, everyone will listen.
Find a job from which you do not need a vacation.
If someone criticizes you, give them a compliment.
The most important wisdom of life is to have the eagerness to gain wisdom.
If you have a definite purpose with a plan, you will definitely reach it.
Life is better when happiness is your only purpose.
Knowing is important, but understanding is essential for wisdom.
An intelligent person is eager to speak, but a wise person is eager to listen.
Do--what should be done--without expecting anything in return.
Your intentions have more impact than your actions.
Thinking harder is more important than working harder.
You cease to be wise or intelligent when your beliefs are false.
The beauty of a thought is true science fiction.
Never underestimate the power of a simple thought.
While we want to enjoy what we don't have, don't forget to enjoy the incredible beauty of what we do have.
True wisdom is found in simplicity and in humility.
A wise person does not fear failure but gains experience and wisdom.
Science is what it is-not what we think.
Wise people are always loving and humble.
Our abilities to understand, adjust, and change make us wise.
Never lose the power to love.
The quality of life depends on the power of love.
Silently sit on the beach, close your eyes, now see the flowing blue sky, feel the dance of waves, and hear the whispering love song of the southern breeze.
An attitude of gratitude is one of the greatest attitudes of life.
Faith is trusting yourself to believe in uncertainties.
A flower cannot be more beautiful than your thoughts.
Every cell in the body has eyes to see and perceptions to feel.
Wisdom is in uniconsciousness.
To be happy, be yourself.
Anyone can find fault. It is the wise person that can find the remedies.
Philosophy has no value in a true sense, but it adds and defines value to our lives.
A smile is an antidote for stress.
A friend can give you the freedom to think differently.
Life is the most fascinating journey that you will never ever be able to take again.
Success leads to greater success.
We are still living in the deep darkness of conformity.
Life is nothing but an empty space filled with memories from beginning to end.
We make our lives complicated to prove that we are very intelligent.
Nothing will remain except space and time.
Live today with joy. Don't wait for tomorrow. Tomorrow may never come.
Kindness defines my morality.
Truth does not cease to exist because no one believes it.
Life gives you what you are deeply longing for.
Be courageous! Never fear to take a chance.
With your life, you are writing the history of the universe.
My highest calling is to love endlessly.
The universe belongs to you, and you belong to your conscience.
Integrity is the essence of a beautiful, ethical life.
The best experience that you can get is not from success but from failure.
Give! If you have nothing to give, don't forget to give your love.
Be kind! Give small things with great love.
Heaven is not in the sky, but it is in your blissful mind.
Realize that you are deeply limitless. Your potential is unlimited.
I will meet you in that gap where consciousness meets unconsciousness.
Dreams create desired things.
What you think again and again becomes your truth. Think right.
Opinions are many, but there is only one truth. Don't get lost in opinions.
Failure comes from fear. Success comes from boldness and persistence.
There are many kinds of truth: societal truths, religious truths, fundamental truths, scientific truths, and universal truths. Your truth should be what you can trust with your heart.
Live in love to live in abundance.
Curiosity, boldness, and persistence help you to be a success.
I am part of you and you are part of me. We are one even though we have separate bodies.
You have the power to change not only you but also the world.
A good friend is someone who can love you like a dog and talk to you like a human.
A lack of love for humanity is our biggest enemy.
For eternity, time is standing still. In the expanding space, we are moving
We think when there is a stimulation to create thoughts in our minds.
Thoughts are things that we can't see or feel yet.
When you love, the whole universe loves you back.
A country is poor not because they have no wealth but because they have no good ideas.
We are all the same. Only our thoughts are slightly different.
Hope with deep driving desires is an order of the most delicious delicacy in a restaurant we call the universe.
I have a best friend and he is me.
Let us think to live and love to think.
We can't undo an action, but we can redo or change our perception.
We came out of nothing and we will go back to nothing.
You think that you have everything, but truly you have nothing but your wisdom, love, and kindness.
Fill the pages of your life with the exciting story of triumph and tragedy, failure and victory, desire and discovery.
If time is standing still, then why do we allow months and years to let us kill?
What you work for, you will receive.
The universal law is very simple, but we look at it in a complex way.
Life is very simple, but to make ourselves feel intelligent, we insist on making it complex.
Philosophy is the art of conscience.
The best thing in life is life itself.
Life is a journey of time within the mind.
Always be the right person for the right job at the right time. Remember time is always right.
Conformity keeps us closed minded.
No matter where you are--no matter what happens to you--always be kind and always be loving.
The measure of wisdom is in simplicity, humility, and in friendliness.
Before we can change our condition, we have to change our thoughts.
Thoughts are the product of a machine we call the human mind. So manufacture some excellent thoughts.
Our thoughts and our happiness are inseparable. Our happiness depends on our thoughts.
Life is a time bound journey to experience the excitement of love, joy, and happiness.
You call it thought. I call it a mind manufactured invisible powerful product.
Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the 
Be kind to yourself, so you can be happy enough to be kind to the world.
They told me adventures were over, so I got off the internet and got on a plane. They told me kindness was a thing of the past, so I spent a year helping others in need. They told me love was dead, so I fell into it. Head over heels.
If you find a need, fulfill the gap.
The right way to start your day...Guard well within yourself with benevolence, Hateful people will always try to provoke you.
Live in a dignified way with nobility, pride, strength, and kindness.
For all those people, who took advantage of my kindness. Thank you. I won't drop to your level. I'll simply smile and move on.
You can't worry about the rest of the world, never mind the rest of the universe. All you can do is look to your left and your right and try to be kind to whoever is there.
You don't need your eyes to love, Right?
It is better to sow good deeds; love, goodness and kindness.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Don't let anyone fool you. The stars are always shining. And you don't just see them in the dark. The sun is a star, and it provides light for all of us.
If you don't know what to do, just be kind. You can't go wrong.
Before you step out into the world today, remember that you will encounter people whose struggles you do not know. Remember the way a pair of eyes light up when greeted with kindness.
Home is the dearest spot on earth, and it should be the centre, though not the boundary, of the affections.
When kindness is here, hatred disappears. When hatred is here, kindness can never enter.
All life is emptiness. Fill it with endless love, bliss, and kindness.
Kindness can heal a wound that medicine can't touch.
What will I do when you're gone?" said Alasdair, with a faltering voice.Bryeison placed a hand on his shoulder and said, with raging tranquility, "Do what is good and what is right.
Everyone you meet is hurt, broken and fighting a hard battle. Please don't be an ass.
Love and kindness are most precious where there is endless suffering.
Be kind. Only feelings of kindness can purify our ever judgemental minds.
The cure for everything, is not a medicine, but the pure kindness of acompassionate heart.
Nothing can erase the touch of your love and kindness.
Remember your grandpa's saying: kill them with kindness.
Understand your driving force, whether you're operating out of fear or love. When we operate in fear, we tend to hold back and not get the most from life. When we operate in love, we open new avenues and experience life more abundantly.
Be a kind person. Yes, even to jerks. Let them be a jerk. You be a kind person.
Real popularity is taking the time to love others, reaching out, and never being afraid to be the first one dancing. REMEMBER THE GIRL IN PEARLS.
Nothing in the world is so strong as a kind heart
Respond with love and kindness even to hurtful treatment.
Rx for life: see through the heart and live with kindness.
The best beauty in the world is the beauty of kindness.
Kindness is magical! Be kind to each other.
The more you are kind, the more kindness you will find.
A simple act of kindness could be the source of great happiness.
Manifest kindness to embrace greatness.
By giving away with kindness, you get it back with greatness.
When you are giving give with love and kindness.
Respond with love and kindness when someone trying to hate you and hurt you.
There is no love without kindness, there is no kindness without love.
When you search for happiness, it flies away.When you serve others, you will find the way.When you share blessings and express kindness,You will find the source of enduring happiness.
Love, caring, and the spirit of kindness always bring happiness. Our greatest happiness depends on what we love, how we care, and how we share.
My purpose of life is sweet indeed.I like to help people when in need.I am longing for happiness.I am expressing my kindness.I am expressing my love every day.I am compassionate all the way.
Kindness is the greatest gift for the humanity. Nothing is more important than to be kind to each other.
Your smile is the twinkle of happiness.Your heart is the source of kindness.Your presence is the source of joyfulness.Your thoughts are symbols of greatness.
Life is for happiness and we feel it with appreciation and kindness.
Kindness is the magical beauty of a person.
We were sent here just to be kind to each other.
Happiness is an inner perception, inner joyfulness. We are happy when we express our kindness unconditionally. We are happy when we love some one unconditionally. By becoming the source of happiness for some one we become happy. Happiness is the purpose of every creation.
Kindness is not an option, it is an absolute necessity of life.
Every small, unselfish action nudges the world into a better path. An accumulation of small acts can change the world.
When you show up with kindness, others can be more themselves.
Give joy, smiles, happiness, goodness and kindness to every person you meet.
You only get one shot in this life. So let me do all the good I can for my fellow man. For I will not pass this way again.
You see, she interrupted his blank stare, it doesn't take much effort to be kind. It only takes the ability to recognize where kindness is needed.
Don't ever underestimate the importance of treating others with respect and kindness.
I thought she had a good heart, though not much respectability- or maybe it was because of that.
Target your random acts of kindness, to keep a tally of who owes what
True kindness is an anchor that drops deep into the heart and you feel it while it's dropping. Meanwhile, untrue kindness is merely a condition of the face.
Sometimes, you know, human kindness just knocks you off your feet.
Kindness went out to play all on a summer's day. With her about many smiles came out and joined in sweet array.Sara Loo, "Mother Goose Move Over or you're gonna love poetry
The greatest gift that you can give to others is kindness.
A purposeful act or extension of kindness to another is never wasted, for it always resides in the hearts of all involved in a chain of love.
Kindness always leaves a timeless deposit on the heart.
There is great power in our words, because theyare thoughts to which we have given additional energy by speaking them aloud so another person can know them.
When you want your message to be heard, always speak from your heart.
Spread LOVE and KINDNESS wherever you go. Then you can be sure you are never far from it!
Your joy can be the impetus that motivates others to find their way to joy.
Small kindnesses, small courtesies, small considerations, habitually practised in our social intercourse, give a greater charm to the character than the display of great talents and accomplishments.
There is more beauty than our eyes can bear, precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm.
Kindness is a currency that can cover a multitude of interpersonal debts.
Don't play with others, or at one day, you will be played by others.
No matter where we come from, a little sugar is what everybody demands in life, what everybody needs in life. It's perhaps the main ingredient that keeps us alive.
Kindness in your dealings with yourself and others will work wonders in your life. Much more so than rightness in your thinking.
The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer; and his sons are born in exile.
You can't control the past, but you can control where you go next.
The overdressed traveler betrays more interest in being seen than in seeing, while the true traveler knows that the novel world about her serves as the most appropriate accessory.
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home.
It's hard to be less than happy when you can be happy with less.
The beckoning counts, not the clicking latch behind you
A port arrival makes you feel so free ...To realize what it is to be a free man, with a world before him;
Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures.
Make a u-turn, when you see you have traveled on the wrong path.
I need complicated railroad journeys and people speaking to me in foreign languages to keep me happy. I want to see the world and write stories about everything I see.
Somewhere along the line, the crazy youth hostelers I kept seeing everywhere stopped looking so crazy.
Life is fast, and I've found it's easy to confuse the miraculous for the mundane, so I'm slowing down, way down, in order to give my full presence to the extraordinary that infuses each moment and resides in every one of us.
To get away from one's working environment is; in a sense, to get away from one's self; and this is often the chief advantage of travel and change.
She soars with eagles and navigates by rainbows.
Tea drinking is a liturgy of comfort, and we partake of it everywhere in the world. It's a ceremony of simplicity, nourishment for both the nomads in foreign teahouses and homebodies in their beds.
Be brave. You didn't travel this far to languish within the walls of your comfortable self.
The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough
For me, books have always been the greatest gifts. I love to give and receive them because I know they are a reflection of the giver.
Travel, for me, is a breathtaking experience. A humbling for the soul and the realization that we are all in this together.
He and I suddenly saw the whole country like an oyster for us to open; and the pearl was there, the pearl was there.
Real traveling is not about visiting places but 're-visiting' our inner-self.
Terrible things happened when you were least expecting them...But it seemed that wonderful things could happen too. You could be forced to take a trip, not knowing who you would meet. Not knowing that it would change your life.
I would advise the curious reader to keep in mind the old adage truth is stranger than fiction. Expect the most outlandish, fantastic and unbelievable elements of this story to be true, and the more low-key elements to be fudged.
It was as simply as that. And as complex.
Life is way too short to get lost, so follow the script the way it comes and keep changing the checkpoints on every page.
In other words, where we are is vital to who we are.
Early morning: set off at dawn. Travel round in front of the sun, steal a day's march on him. Keep it up for ever never grow a day older technically.
There is no "right" way--only the way that is put before you.
Your Eyes Travel a Thousand Miles,But your mind will travel even more
Time is Short. Take Time to Travel.
I want to move to the mountains. I want to live in a little cabin next to a towering, tenacious mountain fourteen thousand feet above sea level and eat a bowl of raisin bran every morning in its shadow.
Walk on your sacred path.
The mountains were so wild and so stark and so very beautiful that I wanted to cry. I breathed in another wonderful moment to keep safe in my heart.
We'd all be lucky in life if we had the chance to experience an unexpected adventure, and then make our way back safely to a place of comfort. Sometimes the only way we can appreciate our home and the simple happiness it has to offer is to be away from it for a while.
Make your sacred-life an eventful journey.
Every travel is sacred.
Travel steadily in your define path.
You never know travel path of every man.
The sacred travel path is one's life journey.
Not without a wound in the spirit shall I leave this city.
Mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet introspection.
The world is full of wonderful things you haven't seen yet. Don't ever give up on the chance of seeing them.
Alone, I relished the bird songs, the drone of hushed conversation from neighboring tables, and the gentle lapping of waves sliding on the shore. I didn't feel the passage of time. There was no destination propelling me forward, no past and no future. Each glorious moment was replaced by the next.
Foolish acts and bold adventures almost always appear, especially in the beginning, to be the absolute same thing.
Traveling equals having experiences which translate into more opportunities for exposing incorrect ideas about life.
I am enduring temporary sufferings to fulfill my dearest dreams.
I'd learned so much from traveling to familiar places that I figured I'd learn twice as much by going to a place I knew nothing about.
I looked out again at the rising moon and I let the weight of my day, my week, lift away with the rushing wind as I was blown into the depths of myself.
Somehow, we were passing the boundaries of language and finding clarity in shared thought, even if we were just talking about beer!
There were signs everywhere but none that I could read or even hope to decipher. These multi-lined symbols unhinged my familiar world.
As the silence returned, I sat back and felt the tension ease away; I hadn't even known I was tense. A few moments passed and once again the cycling fan laced in with the clanging chains and mixed with the rumbling mower and the buzzing insects.
Travel is rebellion in its purest form. - we follow our heart- we free ourselves of labels- we lose control willingly- we trade a role for reality- we love the unfamiliar- we trust strangers- we own only what we can carry- we search for better questions, not answers- we truly graduate- we, sometimes, choose never to come back.
Put down that map and get wonderfully lost.
Very nice," said Rick after a while. "Very nice," he repeated, with more emphasis the second time. "What is?" I asked, turning to him, though I knew. "Everything," he said. And it was true.
But the vagrant owns the whole vast earth that ends only at the nonexistent horizon, and his empire is an intangible one, for his domination and enjoyment of it are things of the spirit.
I always wonder why birds stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on the earth. Then I ask myself the same question.
Every journey has its own traveler. Every dream has its own dreamer. We are all belonged to a specific journey and dream. Some people are currently looking for it, some people are just figuring it out, some people are still lost, and to some they have finally found it.
I quickly became aware that the phrase "it can only get better" could very quickly turn into "it could always be worse," because it was.
Home is where the backpack is
People dream. They talk about escaping from it all. Their friends and family diligently listen and politely ignore it when the ruminations fade into oblivion. So quite a few eyebrows went up when I made this trip a reality.
There I was, poised on the edge of the high diving board of life, and the pool kept moving around.
Explore often. Only when you will know how small you are and how big the world is.
Leave no path untaken.
You are only given one life, one chance at fully living it...take risks, believe in your dreams, explore the world and her people, live out loud!
Travel is the discovery of truth; an affirmation of the promise that human kind is far more beautiful than it is flawed. With each trip comes a new optimism that where there is despair and hardship, there are ideas and people just waiting to be energized, to be empowered, to make a difference for good.
We are torn between a nostalgia for the familiar and an urge for the foreign and strange. As often as not, we are homesick most for the places we have never known
I ease into the idea of letting go of control and simply let life take the reins. And when I don't hold it so tightly, it doesn't thrash against me so wildly. It calms to a trot and allows me to take in the scenery, experience love, and learn what is important in this world: people, places, memories-not things or perceptions.
As is often the case when I travel, my vulnerability -- like not knowing what the hell I'm going to do upon arrival -- makes me more open to outside interactions than I might be when I'm at home and think I know best what needs to be done. On the road, serendipity is given space to enter my life.
Today..passes as yesterday, today is passing by... Tomorrow shall become today and that too shall pass!
The ancestor of every action is a thought.
Can I love someone...and still think/fly? Love is flying, sown, floating. Thought is solitary flight, beating wings.
The surveillance, he thought, essentially should be maintained. And, if possible, by me. I should always be watching, watching and figuring out, even if I never do anything about what I see; even if I just sit there and observe silently, not seen: that is important, that I as a watcher of all that happens should be at my place.
Do not forget you mother, when she is old.
Mindfulness isn't about ridding yourself of thoughts. It's more about being aware and letting those thoughts pass through you, so you can see what if any value they have for you. Thoughts are an illusion but some of them are enlightening.
Just remember life is all an illusion.....it's your creation and you can dismantle it and re-create at will.
What a tremendous sin impatience is, he thinks. It blinds us to the moment before us, and it is only when that moment has passed that we look back, and see it was full of treasures.
Ram-fication of Ravan-ous thoughts is what Dussehra all about.
I love the sound of people thinking.
Deep down inside what i want is a little of me.
Mankind is like ocean, we only see the things which comes up! If we wanna know someone better we need a deeper dive.
Quality of life does not depends up on the branded product that you use. It totally depends up on the quality of your thoughts and quality you maintain to express your thoughts
Your thoughts define your life.
My Life is My MOM & DAD
You are changing the world with your thoughts, actions and creation.
You are changing the world with your thoughts, actions, and creation.
You are nothing but your desires, dreams, thoughts, and beliefs
Struggles put you in a position to make better decisions. You'll survive and should take the lessons learned especially in order to move forward in life. It may have been raining in your life for a moment, but the sun will shine again
Life can end any time, any day.
She had realized that she was not as weak and helpless as thought she had been - she was willing to fight for her dreams and do whatever was necessary to make them come true.
You can't change our world without first changing our thoughts and beliefs.
The thoughts you think every day determines the life you lead tomorrow
An action made by an unwitting man, shall not define, nor justify a common thought and interpretation.
You see your reflections in thoughts not things.
...I day dream.Therefore,I am the queen,of my thoughts.Though thirteen,I drift,between,one conception,to another.I create opinions,liberate dilemmas,assert convictions,deal paroxysm,create perfections.I am neither,a thinker,nor a,perceiver,I am a Day Dreamer...
The world, my friend Govinda, is not imperfect, or on a slow path towards perfection: no, it is perfect in every moment, all sin already carries the divine forgiveness in itself, all small children already have the old person in themselves, all infants already have death, all dying people the eternal life.
Night-time. Why is it, I wonder. Always, always it is at night whenThe fury of a hurricane makes itself felt. Perhaps it is because the spirit of the storm Delights in the darkness, for there it can Unleash its rage most potently, most Anonymously, upon the element of earth? Or perhaps it is simply because we Humans are afraid of the dark.
Dancing is a expression of desire, thoughts, and emotion in a distinctive way.
Youth is to wander! Adult is to act! Age is to assimilate the beauty of thoughts.
I am not a philosopher but a friend, who, with great love and care, wants to share his thoughts.
Great habits sharpen our thoughts and make us great.
Thoughts have no barrier.
To change the action, change thoughts first.
Most peoples are prisoners of other people's thoughts.
Three things will make you happy: always have happy thoughts, be honest to yourself, and express unconditional love for everything.
Happiness depends on our perceptions and thoughts.
Happiness depends on our thoughts and actions, not on wealth, splendor, or external conditions.
I am happy because my happiness does not depend on things, but on my thoughts.
To be happy, the only thing you need is to have happy thoughts.
Happiness is there when thoughts and actions are in harmony.
Happy thoughts bring happiness, love, and success.
Happiness comes from your thoughts; it resides inside you. To be happy, have happy thoughts, whatever you do.
Happiness is in simplicity. To be happy, always try to have happy thoughts.
When you are non-judgmental, you are happy. Happiness depends on you, on your thoughts, on your attitude, on your ideas and vision, and nothing else.
To be happy, follow the heart not the thoughts.
Be free! Get out of your prison of conforming thoughts.
You, your thoughts, and your imagination control the doorway to happiness. Service to the humanity is key to that doorway.
More often than not, it's better to give up thinking, worrying and obsessing, in favour of faith that things will work out fine.
Great ideas emerges from useless fragments of thoughts.
We may always enslave ourselves to mankind if we do not clearly differentiate between showing respect to mankind from pleasing mankind
There is something great in whatever you look at. Many people look but few people see;to leave a distinctive footprint, do not just look but see for seeing will make you different
I will be forever grateful to Dora Brooking, for not only spotting my light bulb but also helping me turn up the wattage.
Just because all your friends are doing it, doesn't mean you have to follow suit. Don't be a blind follower, you don't know where you're going.
Music gives inspiration...one that sounds windy with humming sound, such can put you in a trance, only to come back and discover some witty ideas.
Character builds on characters. Very few recognised them as a character, others should look for it until they get one.
Character builds on characters. Very few can recognised them as a character, others should look for it until they get one.
Our every action has consequences. Thoughts have consequences. Since actions start from thoughts I guess I can say technically that thoughts in general have consequences. In our thoughts we make dreams. So if I think I can do it, then my actions will be "I CAN" and I am able to do it. So the result or the consequence will be "I did it!".
If you schlep a shit job everyday, keep and feed a little secret life--whether it's writing, art, running, music, your thoughts. It's yours.
Thoughts are king, Trixie, king!
Keep your heart and mind open, Taylor. Don't make any rash decisions that you might regret later on. Sometimes things in life aren't as clear as we would like them to be, especially in the beginning. When the time is right, you'll know it. Just don't burn the bridge before you ever get the chance to cross it.
There is no need to suffer silently and there is no shame in seeking help.
The most abundant and most precious of things: Thoughts and Dreams, can be found in every corner yet as precious as diamonds.
Where wealth is health, bankruptcy is death.
Health is wealth
Riches have never fascinated me, unless combined with the greatest charm or distinction.
We hate each other by race, color, tribe, wealth, gender etc because everyone wants to feel special and different than the other. I do not however have a solution on how people can stop having an ego that makes them specially superior than the other.
In poverty a man is alone. But with prosperity, He has many friends.
Wealth is violent and uneasy to acquire, don't blow yourself by rushing. You won't find, you will only get lost on your way to find and you won't find it, Reserve yourself and wealth will find you.
Disappointment can drive us, or it can defeat us.
Possession of wealth is not the happiness but expression of gratitude for the possession is the happiness.
My life's misery and tragedy is my wealth and splendor.
A child who was born with a silver spoon is likely to not appreciate all he is provided with.And it is likely that a child who grew up from the dust to look down on others once the floods gate of success opens up for him.It is NOT where you come FROM that matters,But where you are GOING.
You will miss a normal life while living a successful life, but not as much as the craving for a successful life while you were living a normal life.
If you have money but not love you will somehow manage, but if you don't have both then you are in serious trouble.
Not obedience or feelings or respect, there is only one thing which people take seriously at all time and its "money".
Just as someone obsessed with becoming a millionaire focuses on gaining riches and can miss out on living a fun, balanced life, so someone obsessed with being enlightened or being totally free of all difficulties can also miss out on life. Far healthier to just live a mindful, balanced life and fully participate in what life has to offer.
When everything gets too much, give some away
Apart from the economic value, money does have high moral value.
With some money in your pocket you walk confidently, you talk confidently and you work confidently.
You will get your father's wealth one day but not his legacy.
Saving money won't get us rich. You have to spend it to get it.
Sometimes you may have nothing yet without hope you've got less
What's the point of wandering?to find a better place?a home?But the loneliness will always capture mein its clawsof no tomorrow
He looked down the slope and, at the base, in the shadow of the wall of the Park, he saw some human figures lying. Those venal and furtive loves filled him with despair. He gnawed the rectitude of his life; he felt that he had been outcast from life's feast.
To you who eat a lot of rice because you're lonely, To you who sleep a lot because you're bored, To you who cry a lot because you are sad, I write this down. Chew on your feelings that are cornerned like you would chew on rice.Anyway, life is something that you need to digest.
So be lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience.
To an optimist loneliness is freedom, to all others it is prison.
It's lonely up in the top
You have to face the very thing you fear.--tdf
Loneliness is just a passing disillusion we can conquer by acknowledging those around us.
I wasn't lonely. Loneliness, I think, has very little to do with location. It's a state of mind. In the centre of every city are some of the loneliest people in the world. If anything, because our whole planet was just outside the window, I felt even more aware of and connected to the seven billion other people who call it home.
Death has become so predictable that I have neither the youthful reverence of it nor the middle-age fear.
Na, it's not about the human desires; it's about the desires being used to get rid of loneliness, insecurity and lack of love we often feel.
Everyone is a lonely victim of life's complexity.
I was amazed by the fact that I was not the only writer living, not the only young man "with a locomotive in his chest, and that's a fact," not the only youth with a million hungers and not one of them appeasable, not the only one who is lonely among multitudes, and does not know why.
Let each man take the path according to his capacity, understanding and temperament. His true guru will meet him along that path.
The faerie represent the beauty we don't see, or even choose to ignore. That's why I'll paint them in junkyards, or fluttering around a sleeping wino. No place or person is immune to spirit. Look hard enough, and everything has a story. Everybody is important."- Jilly Coppercorn
He who rules his spirit, shall conquer himself.
Kindle the flame of fire in your spirit.
Your spirit knows your purpose launch yourself into a highest virtues from within.
Repent heart rekindles the spirit.
The true voice is a good spirit.
Love is sacred state of mind, body and soul.
We cam leave the rat race to rodents... but I suspect that even they wouldn't like it.
Adversity is awakening of spirit.
The mixture of the grotesque and the tragic is agreeable to the spirit, as are discords to the jaded ear.
I'm not here to win the rat race of materialism. I am here to experience the depths of my soul in form.
Some call it energy, some say it's spirit, but I believe it's the love that people share that keeps them connected, even after death.
When you love yourself, you love your spirit, so everyone can feel it, because everyone is a spiritual being.
If you want to find a way, you have to go
I move onward, through the colors and cheers and music, floating into my future, and it is a clear, open space that stretches wider that the sky and higher than the Andes.
Nature is our spirit, breathing.
Of all the hardships and deprivations a people can suffer, I am not sure if the deprivations of art and culture are not the most devastating. As meat and rice are food for the body, art and culture are food for the soul. Starve the body and the person dies; starve the soul and the spirit dies.
The soul-Self doesn't follow the crowd. It encourages you to speak up when you need to and live by your truth.
Let go of the people who dull your shine, poison your spirit, and bring you drama. Cancel your subscription to their issues.
Dedication. DEDICATION. That is the only way to become a writer. Write every day. Write until your fingers bleed, your eyes bleed, your soul bleeds. From that blood, stories are born. It's worth it.
Don't let your habits become handcuffs
I try to be like a forest: revitalizing and constantly growing.
We are all broken and wounded in this world. Some choose to grow strong at the broken places.
For within your flesh, deep within the center of your being, is the undaunted, waiting, longing, all-knowing. Is the ready, able, perfect. Within you, waiting its turn to emerge, piece by piece, with the dawn of every former test of trial and blackness, is the next unfolding, the great unfurling of wings, the re-forged backbone of a true Child of Light.
If somebody tells you a rule, break it. That's the only thing to move things forward.
The moment you can visualize being free from the things that hold you back, you have indeed begun to set yourself free
It's very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed twenty-two, you'd always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It's growth. It's more than the negative that you're going to die, it's also the positive that you understand you're going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.
Your faith requires your action to back it up. Choose to see what part you must participate in to see your circumstance improve and personally grow and appreciate the victory because of it.
If we dismiss all of our hard work, including the very foundation we stand on, and its cracks, we won't get very far because it takes a foundation from which to begin. Be proud, and embrace your normal.
Beautiful are those whose brokenness gives birth to transformation and wisdom.
Nothing happens without waiting. The seed in the ground does not become a tree overnight. It goes through seasons, nurturing, watering, pruning before it bears fruit.
The universe begins in infinity and move in infinity, your soul is part of the universe you have no end; your soul will always thrive in eternal flame.
A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.
It is always necessary to acknowledge creative injuries and grieve them. Otherwise, they become creative scar tissue and block your growth.
Like seeds we start small, grow together and stand tall
I have gotten where I am today by refusing to stay where I was. Change is something I have done over and over again.
Even when life knocks me around, I will not lose hope. For you see, nothing is ever personal Just a chance for me to grow.
Feeling uncomfortable is the first step towards growth.
Hope floats but effort propels.
Small but growing is better than big and stuck.
Somewhere along the journey i lost myself; i learnt to be who they told me to be, i lived that girl for decades until their truth showed me; the words they were preaching didnt match the the steps they were walking, so i was done with their opinion and went on my unique way.
she will change the world someday, her cure of love in a world gone mad; is the gentle kind of touch that will teach women to grow and men to rise.
i love the moments i lost a little faith, spirit would always remind me; it was just a bad day.
When we assign ourselves the mission of changing others who show no want or need to change, it blocks our spirit-it drains us-and prevents us from attracting into our lives that which we need to grow.
Grow in a way without losing much of our inner childlike deep senses embracing truthful, pure, simple relief of appreciation and gratitude.
Have the capacity to adapt to change, it's your healthy growth, intelligently and emotionally.Our life can be full of extrinsic surprises, your flexibility is a key when you accept changes.
The ability to live in a stable, safe environment that gives us the opportunity to create, grow and nurture our talents is sadly denied to many in the world today. I am proud to be able to say - as a leader - I can offer this to my people.
Habits are familiar and comfortable, putting our reactions on autopilot and often leading us, instead, to great discomfort.
Sometimes violence cannot be stopped no matter what we do. But the more peaceful we are, the better chance we have of bringing out the peace in those around us.
The way surviving hard winters makes a tree grows stronger, the growth rings inside it tighter
A girl who truly knows herself is a girl everybody else wants to know
The growing we attribute to becoming more mature, could be more accurately described as shrinking, as we cut away the nonsense that emotionally weighs us down.
Our challenges will probably always be with us but, as we go on our journey of development, we become more aware of them, we come to accept them more, and they have less power over us.
We grow when the walls press in. We grow when life steals our control. We grow in darkness.
Sometimes we focus on the lyrics too much and forget to dance to the music.
I understand true life doesn't happen when I constantly gaze backwards, mulling over all the injustices others have done or I have done to others.
The doing and the daring are the magic keys to unlocking the treasure chest.
Growth is achieved when truth is revealed.
Every interaction presents an opportunity for growth, one of the keys to our limitless potential.
Inspiration is born when our passion becomes greater than our fear.
Never make someone a priority when they only see you as an option.
Happiness is a state of mind and not a state of possession. Be as you are and you will be happy, if you try to be someone else you will be miserable.
Something to remember... You only get one chance to grow and live, so make it Beautiful!
You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house and if you got a glass jaw, you should watch yo mouth: cause I'll break yo face.
[Grace talking to Billy.] "It's like people who want to feel only happy but not sad," she said. "It never works. You either feel things or you don't. You don't get to pick and choose. At least, I don't think so.
What is needful is necessary.
Use social media for good and lift others up, not tear them down. Stay on the high road. Keep your peace.
Is there anything that can replace life?
To hate is to harm.
Not everything that is seen is visible.
Is the any model like morality?
A man must learn from his own mistakes, to be what he wishes to be.
If we do right, we shall rejoice.
If a man is cruel, he destroy himself.
Nothing is the truer than the Truth.
The eye of a man is never satisfied with seeing.
Grace is more desirable than gold.
Act as you wish.
Truth is truth.
Strive to be a person of action, good deeds and a willing vessel of hope.
No one is ever too old for stories. ~ Durban Chola
My goal is simple. It is to take the human civilization with me on the path of sweet general harmony.
Just imagine, among 8.7 million species, only one has become smart enough to ponder over the meaning of life. This simple evolutionary fact itself implies the gravitas of human life.
Be sincere to nobody else, but yourself.
Act like you have a lot of venom inside you, but never inject them into anyone.
The highest creed is Universal Acceptance.
Falling in love is easy. Staying in love, growing in love is hard.
I'm not any kind of girl. I don't need man, but I don't hate romance. I think I'm kinda obsessed with romance, really, which is probably why I'm still single. -Mia
When you put on a new cloth with the same attitude, you are only changing the diet that goes into the same stomach!
Spring is the season of restoration of all living things.
Do not be too quick to get angry.
Wondering and writing constitute positive madness.
Spring is the sacred soul of fertility.
Go beyond the sky!
Quality is better than quantity.
Life is an experimental field.
Accept yourself for the person you are, for all the mistakes you did and also for the transformation you're about to experience in the future. Love your future version from this moment.
Pure is honourable.Honourable is right.Right is lovely.Lovely is admirable.Admirable is excellent.Excellent is prasie worthy.Praise worthy is peace.
Every good tree shall bear fruits in the sacred season.
Do not be hot tempered.
We learn from every experience to be wise.
It is always better to do the right thing.
Eternity exist in every sacred time.
Do everything with love.
Thunderstorm precedes heavy rain.
Gratitude is a flowing stream.
Every fresh morning brings freshness of sacred-being.
Why do you compare yourself to others? Can you carry weight of others on your shoulders?
Don't make your life complicated. Adapt to every circumstance.
I am grateful to everyone who believes in me.
Make time daily for your well-being.
The best of today lays a great foundation for tomorrow.
I am a great scholar.I am a great scientist.
Healthy ecosystems promote healthy life.
Every great soul had a great mentor.
Love is the soul of a divine being.
I will sacrifice today for tomorrow.
Choose the body in which to dwell.
With great inspiration, every man can reach their highest potential.
Happiness lives in every corner of your home and if you are homeless, it lives under the leaves of trees, hiding beneath the sky's cloudiness. All you need to do is to find it with patience.
We have a duty to care for the environment.
Experience is something you have to go through to tell it details.
Great teamwork, great results.
There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.
My heartfelt gratitude to my great teachers!
Spring time is a refreshing time.
You can rise to greater heights with determined spirit and hope.
Ignore negative criticisms, focus on positive thoughts.
The pursuit of dreams is holy act.
I will work while I can.
You have enough to create what you want.
I am the master of my mind. I dwell on positive thoughts.
I am a virtuous woman.
If we don't protect what we have, it will be destroyed.
Whoever walk with great people will be great.
There is no limit to what you can do,when you focus on your strength.
We can't help but rejoice despite the circumstance.
Don't strive for perfection, just do your best. Everything in life is ever revolving to be perfect.
It comes true because we're wise, dear.
If you are talking about beauty, books are cheaper than cosmetics.
This town, this country, this world, is full to the brim with clever people, and just look at it. Never been in such awful shape. Clever people don't give a damn about anybody but themselves. Too busy being clever. The world doesn't need anymore clever people. It needs people with wisdom.
You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't.
One of the most under-rated gifts we can give to others, is our undivided attention. Next time you spend time with a loved one, really listen to them and watch light up when they realize you are being completely attentive to them. There is so much to be learned and experienced when we can become great listeners!
Nestled deep within the hills and valleys or our deepest desires, we are already everything we wish to be. Our infinite potential hugging our interior landscape like a hazy mist, in the way that low clouds hug the earth. Patiently waiting for us to paint them onto the brilliant blue skies of our reality.
It's tempting to tether ourselves to the familiar comfort of the way things are, but fulfillment is often discovered in the unpredictable and unknown. We can serve ourselves and our universe, best, when we can take the journey that takes us from the limited desire of our ego, to the ever-expanding love and wisdom, of our divine nature.
Or one could say that society is to ridged for the softness of a beautiful soul. Faith has its place, and that can never be taken away, So chin up. Don't let the world conform you or undervalue what and who you are. They can not kill your flame unless you let them.
Sometimes, the most healing thing we can do for another human being, is to listen to them, just ... LISTEN.
When we are self-aware, we are able to reach beyond ourselves and objectively assess others... allowing us to meet them where they are at, seeing into their needs and struggles, so we can understand the way they experience life, even if it is vastly different from the way we experience, our own.
We can bring into being, the things we dream. So much of what we are is, limited or expanded by, what we think.
Avoiding our pain is needlessly exhausting. Pain can not be killed. When we attempt to bury our pain, it rises up from the grave of our emotions, haunting us, until we acknowledge its presence. We can heal our pain when we allow it to move through us.
Passion + Purpose = BLISS :)
if people do not have responsibility, do not expect them to behave responsibly.
When things feel murky and unsure, fine tuning our hearing so as to distinguish the voice of our Innermost Self brings clarity.
In essence, all of our words evoke, develop, and bring forth our reality. We always have the power to choose our words and our reality.
Question everything and start from yourself.
Every failure is a step to success.
Aim high flyReach deep rootsStretch out growBeyond and belowAbove and behindAll about and inThe awesomenessSings
The most important thinganyone who is looking at a career, especially students, can do is toremember that strengthening and developing your employ-abilityis your personal responsibility.
If you don't take control of yourcareer development, it's highly unlikely that anyone else will!
The best way to prepare for life is acombination of formal traditional education, reading, seminars,and workshops, coupled with experience as well as tapping into the knowledge of experienced people.
The difference between successful and unsuccessful people isn't really aboutresources that were available to them when they started out, Instead its their resourcefulness or personal initiative that makes the difference.
Your self-esteem and emotional strength relies solely onhow you think and how you see things around you.
A client of mine once joked, If youremployer likes you, the rest is history, the raise and everythingelse will come. That intangible attitude in the workplace is whatsets apart those who get promoted and those who don't.
Work and Life are not separate spheres. They are integratedmoments in life that happen throughout the day.
The idea that work competes with life ignores that life is actually the intersection and interaction of four major domains: work, home, community, and the private self.
Our life is an odd mixture of different moments of action andinaction, work and rest.
Personal growth is the most powerful force for change on earth. I believe that personal growth can help anyone change anything.
As someone said, inthe School of Hard Knocks they give the test first, then thelesson. That is a slow, costly and surely painful way to learn.Unfortunately, it's the only school that teaches many thingsyou need to know.
always keep in mind the paramount importance of living a balanced life with emphasis on nurturing strong friendships and family ties, while still doing the things that you find rewarding for reasons other than mere monetary income.
Only once you believe that success is possible,then success becomes possible
First, it is essential to determine precisely what you wantto achieve. Just wanting to be successful is too general.
I have learned its the most difficult thing to become financially free from earning the minimum wage. So even if employees increase the minimum wage its the same thing. But once employees improve on their skills and personal value their wages go up and then financial freedom is posible.
Our perceptions of reality are only a relationship to what is actually out there. Perceptions are influenced by context, by previous life experience, and by our tendency to seek outevidence to confirm our expectations. This drive to confirm, asargued by social physiologists, results in what is known as self fulfilling prophecy.
when you are a child you unconsciously adopt certain beliefs. Yet, there comesthe necessity to upgrade these beliefs as you grow older.
Unbelief in the supernatural is a belief in its own nature.
If you want to live an exceptional life, you must move beyond probability into the realm of possibility
It's our decisions, not our conditions, that ultimately shape the quality of our lives.
How you define an event produces emotionand determines how you feel going forward
Many of us have allowed well-meaning parents,teachers, religious leaders and peers to tell us that there issomething fundamentally wrong with us if we don't believe as they do. Simply put, we have forgotten how to think for ourselves.
Every day you make certain decisions and take specific actions that come about as a result of how you think, feel and the habits you tend to indulge
I don't understand why people are always putting us down, instead of encouraging us to become great. Because, when you do become great, you will give me a world that I would not have any other way. We all havesomething to give one another.
if you are using probability arguments wit yourself, you are saying: I want to live a life like everybody else! By definition, an exceptional life is a life of low probability.
Material poverty doesn't causemurder, rape or terror.Mental poverty does.
Each child is a new being, a potentialprophet, a new spiritual prince, a new spark of light.... Whoare we to decide that it is hopeless (impossible)?
Living a life without setting goals is like sailing a ship without a planned course. You are likely to end up somewhere you didn't intend to go!
our value/belief system acts as aconditioning factor for our thinking pattern.
Even the greatest fool can accomplish a task if it were after hisor her heart. But the intelligent ones are those who can convert every work into one that suits their taste
If you decide to do anything and follow throughwith actions with the same intensity as your decision, you willdefinitely end up with an excellent result.
your goals are as good as your actions.No action taken, no goals achieved
Always take massive imperfect action towards your goals because the timemight never be just right.
I'm a witness to personal development being the best investment you could ever make by improving yourselfproactively, working on your awareness, improving your skillsand knowledge about how you can get to the edge of yourpotential
The only way to watch paid TV from the comfort of your room isby subscribing to a paid TV service. In the same way, the only wayto change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to subscribeand keep upgrading your financial mind-set. But it is your decisionwhether you choose to change or not.
My view is that, if you think that money brings problems, you have a problem with money. The money itself is innocent.
whats the point to spend money you haven't earned, to buy thingsyou don't need,to impress people you don't like
I have learned its very difficult to become financially free by earning the minimum wage. Even if employers increased the minimum wage like the always do its the same thing. But once employees improve on their skills and self development, their wages inevitably go up and then financial independence is possible.
If you love someone you would do anything for them right?Now imagine you are that someone. Give yourself the gift of everything you want
The annoyance you ignore today only gets worse tomorrow. Solve it now.
All ways will lead and take you there as long as you know where you want to go.
A secret for releasing struggles in life is to learn to yield. Yielding does not mean giving in or giving up. It just means moving with the flow of the current, which makes everything easier and more fluid.
All successful people learn to navigate diverse personalities. So don't loose hopes after failure, try other ways and you'll reach there.
Shape yourself before the world shapes you.
Move towards your dreams inch by inch or suffer the pain of regret.
You must make time daily for your physical, emotional, mental and spiritual development.
It is only when you take responsibility for your life that you discover how powerful you truly are
A forced smile covers many struggles and has the power to improve perspective. Despite any difficulties, a smile can change everything!
If you are expressing gratitude then you are in the present moment. If you are in the present moment then you are expressing gratitude.
The ability to continue moving when you are feeling scared, fearful or lazy is the sign of true mental strength.
Like all living things, you were created for unlimited growth and possibilities. Keep growing. Keep changing. Be everything you were meant to be.
Now you must journey inwards to what you really fear it's inside you... there is no turning back. Your training is nothing. The will is everything. The will to act. If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, you become something else entirely. Are you ready to begin? - Batman Begins
The greatest leader in your life is your mind. It is what controls your feelings and emotions.
There are two key areas that boil down life. Our relationships with people and the relationships with ourselves.
In order to have different things we must become someone different.
Take the road less traveled...there's less traffic!!!
Compared to Eternity, The seconds of "Now" are more valuable than all the money and valuables in the world combined.
There is never another one of you in exactly the same spot you are in right now, so give yourself a break and release blame from the past so you can be free to move around the future!!
You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.
We can't fully encompass our motivational and inspirational awareness without fully understanding our purpose in life.
Accomplishment of your dreams requires personal sacrifice and hardworking.May the you have a determined spirit, will power and a great passion for the accomplishment of your dreams.
If you can't stand the heat in the kitchen, keep cooking. Success comes from repeatedly doing things that make you uncomfortable.
A wise man lights a candle while fools are busy cursing the darkness
You've already got everything you need to succeed right in-front of your tits
In Your Life, Be A Creator of Something You Care About.
You have two choices: To live an unconscious life, or to be conscious of your magnificence.
Loving ourselves is a revolutionary act!
Be willing to take a stand for the things you believe in, because no one else will stand there for you.
My hand-stitched wings itchto take flightto test the winds of changethat inevitably blow at the end of a cycle.
What you look for in the world influences what materializes. What you perceive in the people around you influences how they show up.
The truth is revealed to those who desire to know, but also to those who will take the time to take action to counter or further the truths they have come to know..
Often the experiences that challenge us the most are the ones that harbor the greatest gift.
Exhale the remnants/Of wounds that steal your freedom./No more prisons. Breathe.
Imagine who you could be, what you could accomplish-if only you could get out of your own way.
Recognize, manage and master your beliefs. They aren't genetic. They are choices. Choose ones that serve you.
Your life is not a result of your potential, skills or desires, but of your consistent expectations and actions, which largely flow from your values and beliefs.
Think, dream and expect great things. For would you rather be correct in your perception? Or would you rather be exceptional in your life?
Your life today is, for the most part, a manifestation of the stories you told yourself in the past.
Be careful what you look for and expect in life, because you will either find it or create it.
Leaders lead themselves first and foremost. Only then can they act as example and inspiration to others.
Some people are busy working on their pose instead of their purpose.
Growth or stagnation? There is no in-between. Life always seeks more of itself and death picks up the slack.
The leader acknowledges and eradicates the weeds in the garden, but keeps vision on the beauty they are creating and not on the weeds they are destroying
If you don't know exactly where you are going (and why),that is exactly where you will end up.
If you don't know exactly what you want, that is exactly what you will get.
Patience is not passive waiting. Patience is active acceptance of the process required to attain your goals and dreams.
If you don't take the time to get really clear about exactly what it is you're trying to accomplish, then you're forever doomed to spend your life achieving the goals of those who do.
A man has to have goals - for a day, for a lifetime - and that was mine, to have people say, 'There goes Ted Williams, the greatest hitter who ever lived.
When you could do anything, what you decide to do is important.
What matters most with any regimen, whether it's to lose weight or stop drinking or smoking, is your willingness to seek help and your desire to say 'no more.
You can become anything you put your mind to. Just make sure it's worth a read.
The greatest of all human delusions is that there is a tangible goal, and not just direction towards an ideal aim. The idea that a goal can be attained perpetually frustrates human beings, who are disappointed at never getting there, never being able to stop.
Life is not meant to be easy. But it can be simple.
You're not given a big dream, without the ability to achieve it
When you engage in people pleasing you are out of integrity with yourself, your goals, your dreams and your life's mission.
Take your time, but don't waste your time. There's a difference.
I learn by going where I have to go
Managing a goal is the best way to guarantee reaching it.
Aim deliberately at goal.
The mind of an artist never sleeps, because dreaming is when they do their best work.
If I didn't have enormous dreams, I wouldn't have come this far!
You will be what you really want to be.
Dreams are like holding on to a good book in your hands; you have the full story in your palms, but no matter how much you want to get to the end of the story, you have to go through all the pages first; and you are the writer.
Doesn't make any difference how hard the thing is or how much you want to do something else. Do the thing you first started and do it as well as you possibly can.
Don't let people get the best of you they say what they want but don't let that distract you from accomplishing your goals.
I believe in the possibility of positive change at every age and every stage of life. Your whole life is ahead of you.
You can't achieve major goals with minimal work.
There is no good envy, except the one that motivates us to reach higher goals and be better than the person we were yesterday.
Make yourself your role model, because people who do not have qualities depend on the qualities of others to shape their own qualities.
There are so many people that use 'following your dreams' as an excuse to not work. When in reality, following your dreams, successfully, is nothing but work.
Today, you can take an action that will lead you closer to your visions.
A goal is a written plan.Write your dreams and visions.
You set goals in order to become the person it takes to achieve them
To me, Hell isn't a place; it's a state of mind. It is a psychological self-imprisonment in which fear is the warden. It is a result of not living in alignment with your goals, dreams, and purpose. It is to find yourself in the endless emotional agony of, What if?
The sky is never falling...things will work out, they ALWAYS work out. Stay focused, accept everything as perfect and keep moving forward toward the direction of your goals.
Stop using, "easier said than done", as an excuse to not change! Bringing your life to a higher level is challenging; get over it and rise to the challenge!
MOTHER TIME: We all get the exact same 365 days. The only difference is what we do with them.
There are always periodic opportunities to give up, while every single moment is an opportunity to persevere.
MOTHER TIME: Every New Year is the same. Every day, every second is too for that matter. But when we deliver them in secret, when another year just begins as a matter of fact, it's easy to fail to appreciate what a miracle it is to have more time. So, I suppose, it feels different right now because this time you're paying attention
If someone tells you that you can't do it, then prove to yourself that you can. You don't need somebody else's word for it, you just need yours.
To spend your time wanting things is to smother your time for achieving things beyond your expectations.
You are the magical fairy that makes things happen in your life. Don't wait for someone else to make your dreams come true.
The difference between greed and goals is what you are prepared to handle...
Every day is precious. You will never live THIS day again. It is ONE event in human history. Why not make it count? Time is a nonrenewable resource.
Today I will do one small task that will contribute toward the achievement of a life goal.
Just like going to the moon made us learn more about earth, achieving your goals will make you learn more about yourself and get fascinated.
Starting a new way is never easy so...keep starting until the start sticks.
I chase goals, not girls.
I think the sense of family and family achievement, plus the discipline which I received there from that one-room school were really very helpful in what I did later on.
Never allow reality to get in the way of your dreams.
Obsession and desperation for your goal, gets you the goal.
Success is not certain until you are obsessed by your goal
Dreamers dream the dream, Artists live it.
Actions without a dream serve you no purpose, Dreams without action merely pass the time, however, a Dream set into motion..the future has no boundaries.
To accelerate success, we must get as close to our dreams as possible as soon as possible.
Don't choose to walk the well-worn path to regret. Be amongst the few who dare to follow their dreams!
You can't reach the destination which you don't know. So what's the use of hard work when you don't know where it's taking you?
If high aspirations = high fear, overcoming high fear = achieving high aspirations.
Stop throwing away days, weeks, months, and years by simply day-dreaming about what you wish your life would be.
Be amongst the few who dare to follow their dreams.
Keep your standards even when everyone around you is losing theirs.
Try not to be a man or woman of success, but rather a man or woman of inspiration. If you're successful, they will flock to you for money or fame, but if you're inspirational, they will flock to you because they love your soul and how you change theirs.
Today I will find something beautiful.Delicate pink blossoms on a cherry tree.The dove resting near the lemon buds.Sunbeams smiling from sky to earth.Smiling on me."Creating" in BREATHE IN
Insure your reading is in alignment with your goals. Read everything you can find on your goals and your profession. It's the best investment you can make.
When you wake up each morning with a burning passion to accomplish a goal, you've already won the day.
Sometimes in this life, only one or two opportunities are put before us and we must seize them no matter the risk.
My mother once told me, when you have to make a decision, imagine the person you want to become someday. Ask yourself, what would that person do?
There is nothing more satisfying than having plans.
when you shoot for the stars, you can't ever look back.
If you're alive, kick into drive. Chase whimsies. See if you can turn dreams into a way to make a living, if not an entire way of life.
It's called an 'accomplishment', not an 'intent-ishment'. You've got to BE it to SEE it. NO MORE EXCUSES - Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!
Deciding to commit yourself to long term results rather than short term fixes is as important as any decision you'll make in your lifetime.
Goals are my north star. My compass. The map that guides me along the road I wish to travel. Goals are motivations with wind in their sails-they carry me forward despite the storms.
An average person with average talent, ambition and education can outstrip the most brilliant genius in our society, if that person has clear, focused goals.
The funny thing about an impossibility is that it tends to be a magnet for those who would prove it otherwise.
Every step towards your dream today is a step away from your regret tomorrow.
Entrust your dreams and goals to people who will cheer you on and inspire you, who will tell you what you need to hear rather than what you want to hear so you can move forward and fast track.
I want to make a difference, I want to make a change, inspire a revolution, to create, reinvent, and rearrange.
To deal with things knowledge of things is needed. To deal withpeople, you need insight, sympathy. To deal with yourself, you neednothing. Be what you are--conscious being--and don't stray away fromyourself.
No aacomplishments are important than self realization of self satisfaction.
But I will confess that I began as an astronomer-a likingfor bright flashes, vast distances, unreachable things,a hand stretched always toward the furthest limit-and that my longing for you has not taken mevery far from that original desireto inscribe a comet's orbit around the wallsof our city, to gently stroke the surface of the stars.
Look for love in the most likely places, the places you love to visit and like to stay on for some more time. Just be your natural self- the real you- and believe me love will come waltzing in to the tune of your favourite song.
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do. Just be bold, be brave enough to be your true self. In short, be yourself, but always your better self.
When you are filled with self-hate your mind is reversed. Meaning you will love the things that destroy you, and you will hate the things that advance your growth.
The only sin in this world is to lose faith in yourself.
Someone said it better than that; be true unto yourself. Self, right? No-one else. If everyone was true unto his or her self there might even be a chance of something better for us all.
Self importance is self pride.
You are a sacred-being.
Love worth giving is love perfected on ourselves.
Your value does not decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
I see myself through others eyes and I am made anew.
Reputation is like wearing a T-shirt......you don't just wear it... you also represent it...
When something is truly meant for YOU, you won't have to force it, rush it, or manipulate it.
You are the limit to yourself - raise yourself over it.
You are the only person that you'll have for the rest of your life. Cherish yourself. Treat yourself with kindness. Love yourself. Be your own caretaker.
Don't do it! Don't you dare think about giving up! EVERYTHING has a process. Work with the process, not against it. Move forward with purpose and never stop believing. You can do this! You know you can.
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don't be afraid to stand firm on the decisions that you make. Trust yourself. Believe in your instincts. Do what works best for YOU. Stay true to yourself and be good to yourself. Allow every decision that you make to empower, enrich, and add value to your life!
Stand up for who you are. Reject the status quo!
Don't mind what people say about youthe most important thing is what you believe you are.
You are still what you think, despite what others think about you!
My job as a coach isn't to 'fix' people it is to 'break' them and empower them to connect to their spirit and trust that they will be re-built into a new improved version given a little time and patience.
For at some point, each of us will be asked to embody what we feel and know.
The only way you can reach your full potential is if you open up and allow your self to be exposed to how you really feel.
The best thing to learn from any government is that it does not get affacted by what other people talk or think about it.
It is when you start to have the interest of people in your heart that when you start to make a change.
We are just a certain quantity of cells, all of us!
G. I. Gurdieff, "Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson"So-and-so-and-so-must-be; do-not-do-what-must-not-be. Mullah's favorite saying. p. 598
What liberated our souls, we live to serve.
Liberation of sacred souls connects to specific service.
Calling is connection: Uncovering our calling is a deliberate choice to serve others and to make a difference in the world. Our calling is made manifest in service to others...it is paradoxical but true; we are more likely to receive the meaning and fulfillment we seek when we enable others to achieve the meaning and fulfillment they seek, as well.
Meaning can be found in action.
It isn't enough to have had an interesting or hilarious or tragic life. Art isn't anecdote. It's the consciousness we bring to bear on our lives. For what happened in the story to transcend the limits of the personal, it must be driven by the engine of what the story means.
When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.
All I know of heaven and all I know of death is in this park: an elegant universe in ceaseless motion, teeming with ruined ruins and screaming children.
It is through the filter of our ego that we give meaning to everything we see, touch, hear, taste and feel.
Everybody pretends to feel and tries to describe with the taste and elegance of him who first defined what picturesque beauty was. I detest jargon of every kind, and sometimes I have kept my feelings to myself, because I could find no language to describe them in but what was worn and hackneyed out of all sense and meaning.
Meaning is often found embedded in the silent moments of our lives when we can hear and see what matters most, the things audible and visible only to the spirit.
We're all the same. We all have the means to save ourselves and carry ourselves home.
Given the ease with which health infuses life with meaning and purpose, it is shocking how swiftly illness steals away those certainties.Time unused and only endured still vanishes, as if time itself is starving, and each day is swallowed whole, leaving no crumbs, no memory, no trace at all.
At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey.
I'm nothing great. But I'm a rose. I'm a rose whether I'm admired or not, I'm a rose whether anyone's crazy about me or not. Like I said, nothing great. Just a rose. But, do you know what it means to be a rose, my friend? Being a rose means 'freedom.' It means not existing by the praises of Others or not ceasing to exist by their disapproval.
Okay listen, you think I'm so inconsequential? Then try this on for size. All those who see unworthiness when they look at me and are given thereby to denying me value - to you I say, I'm not talking about being AS GOOD as you. I hereby declare myself BETTER than you. 
You all have your own distinct personal backgrounds. Of course some of you come from rich families, some from poor families. But circumstances beyond your control like that shouldn't determine who you are. You must all realize what you're worth on your own.
Your value is in your individuality.
When you express "purity" which is the truth about yourself, you feel a love for yourself that is expressed by self-respect, self-esteem, and self-confidence!
You do not need to pay attention to those voices within you that create pain, or make you feel less competent, smart or able.
Thank you very Much, I enjoyed myself
If you don't feel you have any choice in a situation, self-esteem and confidence plummet. But once you understand that you do have a choice, self-esteem will improve. You aren't a helpless victim anymore. You decide how you deal with a situation. You aren't just reacting to life; you're creating your life.
Respect is a kind of magic too, you know.
The bond between food and me is like other relationships in my life: complicated, evolving, demanding, and in need of constant work. But together we've come so far, moving from my childhood obligation to clean my plate, to a mindless need to fill up, to a truly nourishing and pleasurable exchange. That's the real reward.
If people spend years trying to prove that you are less than it's because you are more than enough and they feel threatened. You are more than people's opinions.
The only thing for what you are bound is to be in your limit.
Make room for who you are by knowing who you're not.
Acknowledge, accept, and honor that you deserve your own deepest compassion and love.
Nobody can treat you like a liability without your approval
No one will give a damn about you and your excellence unless you give a damn about yourself.
Without courageous action, Hope is a Universal liar.
The reason that the little things are more important than the big ones, turns out to be very simple:one can fake the big things in one's behaviour, but not the little things.The little thingslackthe three f's: feigning, fabrication, fakeness. Plus themost important c: contrivance.
Attachment to praise and avoidance of criticism keeps us from doing innovative, controversial work and--more simply--from following the paths we feel called toward, whether or not those around us understand or approve.
Attachment to praise and avoidance of criticism keeps us from doing innovative, controversial work and--more simply--from following the paths we feel called toward, whether or not those around s understand or approve.
The important thing to remember, ... is that you are a human being and worthy of respect.
The person identifies with the image the others have created of him on Facebook, and this image in turn guides his life and actions. He comes to believe that his public image (with the comments underneath it) is who he is.
Your actions are viewed by observers through prisms shaped by their own interpretations, and sometimes misinterpretations. All you can do is strive to be your best self. Let the chips fall where they may.
Most important, I hope you grow into a woman who loves herself. It is not an easy thing, self-love. It takes a lot of practice and time. But as a woman who is learning how to get there herself, I hope I can give that gift to you as you grow.
Learn to love yourself.
Because that saying about sticks and stones is a pack of lies. Unkind words hurt more than anything else. You end up carrying them around in your head, wondering if they're true. Bruises fade, but self-doubt follows you forever.
Discover how wonderful you are. Love who you are, with all your faults. Focus on the unique gifts you bring to the people around you, to the world. Making this a daily practice will shift your life.
If the moon faerie became like the sun faerie, there would be eternal day and if the sun faerie became like the moon faerie, it would be pitch dark. Therefore you balance each other out. Do you see?
Is it not enough to dip your tongue into my soul and write poetry?
It is impossible to satisfy self. Self always wants more and more. It is an ugly monster that will devour you if you don't devour it. Stop feeding it an watch the pressure be released. Self deprivation is much more fulfilling than self gratification. Who Knew?
Confident is a spirit of faith
Be confident, be bold!
Sometimes the ugliest parts of ourselves are what others love the most.
What an excellent great soul you are?
When admiring other people's gardens, don't forget to tend to your own flowers.
Be weird...only losers are normal.
We are so desperate to be in love with someone else that we forget to love ourself...what a tragedy!
Don't back down just to keep the peace. Standing up for yourself builds self confidence and self esteem.
Happiness isn't something you pick up at the grocery store, nor is it something that comes to you at a certain age. It's a trait that lives within all of us, and it flourishes when you begin appreciating the things in life we take for granted.
What I am in the eyes of most people - a nonentity, an eccentric, or an unpleasant person - somebody who has no position in society and will never have; in short, the lowest of the low. All right, then - even if that were absolutely true, then I should like to show by my work what such an eccentric, such a nobody, has in his heart.
Do not worry, my sweet one. You have it within you to get yourself where you need to be.
If you don't love yourself it's tough to love anything about your life. Appreciating who you are is essential to your happiness.
My life got happier when I trusted my gut to tell me when to open the door or close the door. There is joy to be found in keeping away from people & situations which could harm my self-respect my peace my worth.
Your mission: feel good about who you are, what you do, how you think, and how you look--without needing anybody's approval!
Practise really seeing yourself in the mirror. This is NOT about examining yourself. This is about you looking beyond your external image to connect with your soul. Look upon yourself with complete appreciation and acceptance. You are so beautiful.
Talk to yourself the way you'd talk to someone you love. Shush your inner bully. Be your own bestie.
You're allowed to be sad and angry. You're not allowed to give up.
One day I realized, I am what I'm looking for. The love I've been searching the world for. When I devoutly love myself it's fulfilling, and it attracts others. They fight to love me twice as much.
You are you, no one else is you, you are the right you, and the right you, is the you that you love.
You have to look in the mirror and do one of two things; love or hate who you see. So, be good to yourself - it's all the esteem you have.
The feelings is both the biggest poison and the greatest remedy. The wisdom and good sense define the best use.
If you fight yourself, you will lose, and fighting leaves scares.
I'd wasted so much time wishing I could be different, wishing I could change things, change myself...I thought it would be easier to be someone else than to be who I was becoming, but I didn't think that anymore
May Love, Joy and Abundance Rain on Every Being in the World.
If you put a small value on yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
Stop waiting for creative inspiration. Start creating and inspire yourself along the way.
Just because your feet are on the ground, doesn't mean you weren't born to fly.
Each of us have been born with the potential for greatness. We are equals. That doesn't mean we are born into equal circumstances, or have equal skills. What we do have in common, though, is the ability to apply ourselves to achieving that which we desire.
Just be yourself -- it's the only way it can work.
I will once again keep my eyes open to the changes so that I won't miss even a single spec of chance. Life is possible, believe it, LIFE'S POSSIBLE!
As I see, 90%+ (and not less than that) of people go about their lives living 90%+ (and not less) of a lie. choose a different way and live the least truth you might be.
I have a body, but I am not my body.I have a face, but I am not my face.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
Exercise is a great leveler. It doesn't matter how rich you are, you can't just buy your way into a great body. You have to do the work. I find that comforting. It's one of the few things in life where we're all on a level playing field.
I will never attend an anti-war rally; if you have a peace rally, invite me.
In spite of her plainness that would have made wallflowers of other women, she radiated a great sense of self-importance.
Mockery is childish. It does not become you.
Appreciate the things and people in your life while remaining independent of them. Give thanks for them, but realize that they do not complete you. Only you can complete you.
I dont care who you are I know who I am
No matter our size or shape, everyone deserves a safe place in this world." ~ from BIG SMALL DOG, a children's story about overcoming bullying and adversity, and discovering unity and friendship.
Be resilient until you complete a task. Challenge yourself and never limit yourself. Stay humble, hopeful, patient, but never quit!
Try not to be in a hurry to get older because youth happens once in your life. Thereafter, old age stays with you forever.
It's all me. I'm not just one flavor. You're not, either. So it all comes down to which 'you' you want to show the world.
I naively believe that self-love is 80 percent of the solution, that it helps beyond words to take yourself through the day as you would with your most beloved mental-patient relative, with great humor and lots of small treats.
Sometimes, I think one should only live in the present. The past is only a heavy burden to carry with you. And yet. it's so hard to let them go. to forget. to move ahead.
Never back, never back!... People don't like going back, even if they must. I don't like going back! And I'm not people! But I look back, sometimes, every so often, just to make sure I'm not leaving anything important behind. Like my tail! I can never be sure when I leave my tail behind me by mistake.
When we can return to the roads of our past and see nothing but the beautiful view, then we've truly moved on.
Let go of the past and cling to the future.
I try not to look backwards, Elise. Makes is hard to see where you're going.
Don't let your past cloud your judgement for the things that are happening in the present. Past is nothing but a distant memory. Fear of something that has happened in the past will ruin your present happiness.
Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter-tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning-So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
If we should be blessed by some great reward, such as fame or fortune, it's the fruit of a seed planted by us in the past.
Learn from the past, he said. Remember it and realize that in a way it is responsible for making you who you are. But also realize that the only you who really matters is who you are right now. That is the you who has the ability to act, to change lives, to do something monumental, and to influence the future you.
Past is aipsom if you learned from the past.
We shouldn't hide behind anger or anonymity when reliving the past because all that's happened and all those who belong in our past are part of our story.
Why do all great men, live not long enough, to see their greatness?
Forget your past,Use your pain;Accept that pain,And Achieve the gain.
You can't move beyond your past if you keep talking about it like it's your present.
Today changes yesterday, and all the days to come. Today changes everything! The attitudes we carry in the present will change the way we view yesterday, and help us cope and make peace with all the moments behind us. It will also carry us forward in a brighter direction. The present moment is the most important, because it is what is happening right now.
Be simple, don't carry the baggage the past, open your hands, and let it go.
Life is easier when you don't carry baggage from the past.
I can't defeat anyone except my past and transcend to be better.
The past is something that can not be fixed, but sets an example to fix the present to better the future.
It's not being in the past, but accepting who we were and being who we are.
How would your life be different if you learned to let go of things that have already let go of you? From relationships long gone, to old grudges, to regrets, to all the 'could've' and 'should've,' to the dead friendships you still hang on to... Free yourself from the burden of a past you cannot change.
He looked around him wildly, as if the past were lurking here in the shadow of his house, just out of reach of his hand.
Yesterday I smiled, tomorrow never came and today is what I'm living.
I suppose that's the secret. If you're ever wishing for things to go back to the way they were, you just have to look up.
Our past may shape us, but it doesn't define who we become.
I suffer because my interactions with others do not meet the expectations I did not know I had.
Accept the long night patiently, quietly, humbly, and resignedly as intended for your true good. It is not a punishment for sin committed but an instrument of annihilating egoism.
At the root of all misery is unfulfilled desire.
Long you must suffer, knowing not what,until suddenly out of spitefully chewed fruit your suffering's taste comes forth in you.Then you will love almost instantly what's tasted. No one will ever talk you out of it.
It's necessary to use suffering. Otherwise, one is used by it.
Love is something worth suffering for...
I could not feel, smell, see, hear, or taste the world around me. If I had allowed myself to experience these things in all their intensity, I might have lost my mind. If I had allowed myself to cry, I might never have been able to stop. So I survived, but I never felt joy, never felt safe.
It takes all my strength to do daily tasks. To some people, I'm just a number. I'm a projected food stamps debit card lifetime member. I'm seen as crazy or insane, but it doesn't matter. I know I am bigger than my suffering.
Suffering tests the strength of faith.
Suffering fuels strength.
Live is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.
Life is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.
There are more things, Lucilius, likely to frighten us than there are to crush us; we suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
To love life is to love all of life; the suffering, the joy, the pain, the magnificence...all of it!
Walk through pain, face it, lay down in it and rest. Get up and walk again, repeat until you reach the end.
Suffering ceases to be suffering at the moment it finds a meaning, such as the meaning of scarifice
What if...the doctors couldn't find anything wrong? What if I was over-exaggerating the pain, weakness, and weird sensations?
Somewhere along the road many of us have picked up the belief that to change we must suffer. Some things are earned with work. But work is not suffering. Work is just work.
Suffering is like an echo - reflecting it only prolongs it.
Every 'no' is a 'yes' to something.
Perhaps the only way to love is to bury yourself so deeply in it that you avoid its very suffering.
Faith can be stirred within the walls of church buildings, but faith is formed and nourished in the waiting rooms of hospitals, helplessly witnessing a thirty-one-year-old sister suffer, holding kids affected by the AIDS epidemic, and being stretched outside of our own social makeup.
Man is born unto the trouble as the sparks fly upwards.' In other words suffering is germane to our existence; indeed, how without it, should we be able to 'fly upwards
There are certain people who will always seek to criticize. This has nothing to do with you. It must be hard to be inside their head, you know? I mean if they find so much fault in everyone around them... then one can only imagine the faults they must see in themselves.
Don't overestimate everyone else and underestimate yourself
There had been a time when I owned my life and now I felt like I was coming around to myself again. It's like I've finally discovered bones in myself I never knew I had. I discovered that it takes bravery to be one's self. I now know that the only thing I needed to be afraid of was of not finding my true self and having the courage to be me.
Role models are only of limited use. For no-one is as important, potentially powerful and as key in your life and world as you.
There is nothing left but the attempt and not trying is the same as failing.
Yet none of these things gave him confidence. All they gave him was egotism, which is less the conviction of one's worth than the desire for that conviction.
I don't mind people talking about me behind my back. It means they know me, and I'm out in front.
We're all a beautiful, wonderful work in progress....Embrace the process!
It seems to me that I cannot afford, as a self-respecting individual, to refuse to do a thing merely because it will make me disliked or bring down a storm of criticism on my head.
If you remain in a positive spiral, you will always learn something new to reach your goals.
The umbrella won't stop the rain, but it will help you to get out during rainfall. As well as confidence is not going to guarantee your success, but it will give you the opportunity to achieve it...
I don't want to grow old thinking ''what if I had done...''. I avoid the ''should have's'' and take ACTION.
Negativity pierces determination like rust. Stay coated with faith and confidence.
It takes faith to hopelessly pursue hope.
Always trust yerself, lass. There's not a soul in this world that has a heart like yers. Plenty o' smart people here, aye, but logic ain't always the best way to a decision. Can ye remember that? -Alban Dewberry
Yup! I'll live stupid! Because I know what I do, and what we as a species do will one day come together and make a difference. We matter!
You have to let people see what you wrote. It will never be perfect, but perfect is overrated.
You cannot become good enough for your own approval just like you can't become good enough to have hair. You cannot earn your own self-acceptance just like you can't earn your own ears. You can't become what you are. Stop looking out there. Look in the mirror. You're already everything you've ever wanted to be.
The treasures in you must never be threatened by the gifts in others.
Somewhere inside you, I hope you know who you are. I hope you know what you are. I hope you know that you're powerful. We need you.
Those of us who have overcome so many adversities from a very young age, are privileged to be able to communicate profound insights and advice to others, speaking from a place of genuine confidence and knowing.
You don't need to be rich to have high confidence, all you do need is to be proud of yourself and there you'll go with confidence.
...but beautiful mosaics are made of broken pieces.
I'm the biggest critic of my own work, but sometimes you nail a chapter so good that you have to take a step back and admire that bitch.
Someone who is self assured celebrates the accomplishments of others.
Confidence matters a lot than what you want to say, if you are not bold enough.
The secret to happiness, peace, and self-confidence is to forgive yourself and forgive others.
The elevator to success broke a long time ago, the problem is too many people are too lazy to take the stairs.
Beginning with End in focus ,a proof of self confidence
How you carry yourself speaks volumes about how you feel about yourself.
Proper posture sends a positive message since 90% of all communication occures through body language and how you carry yourself.
A strong confident person can rule the room with knowledge, personal style, attitude and great posture.
Our nonverbal behavior (including posture) gives away our inner personality and reflects our inner attitude.
Always walk with style and finesse.
Your posture is the key to your personal and professional foundation.
By taking good care of your posture now, you will enjoy and savor lifelong health benefits and beauty.
In all areas of your life, striving for proper posture can enhance your career, style and health.
You project a confident image through good body posture.
No amount of high fashion can make up for a lifetime of poor posture.
Great style and posture go hand in hand.
Confident posture gets you noticed for all the right reasons.
Great posture is the foundation that always fits.
Great posture never goes out of style.
You shouldn't want to be like everyone else. Then you wouldn't be like you.
Every morning you are reborn, and prove it worthwhile.
Your hair is your helmet- wear it well.
Its sometimes important to not take life so seriously, so life could woo you by showing you some good time.
Posture is paramount to your future.
It's astonishing how much trouble one can get oneself into, if one works at it. And astonishing how much trouble one can get oneself out of, if one simply assumes that everything will, somehow or other, work out for the best." -Destruction
Confidence, just like success, is self made.
This is the key to the entire universe. You know what this is? It's not a microphone, this right here is your voice. This physical thing just amplifies it. Don't be afraid of your voice. You have a voice without a microphone. Use it and don't let anybody snuff you out and tell you don't have one.
I want to be judged by who I am as a person, not by what happened to me. In fact, all the bad things have only contributed to my confidence and sense of self, because I survived them and became a better and stronger person.
You're so good at what you do, keep pushing, success is on the table at all times!
Stop living the life with possibilities and probabilities, live the life with certainties.
I am the one constant obstacle to my own momentum.
Whomever you truly are... honor that person. No dream was ever realized by disappearing into the shadows of self-deceit and doubt.
If you are reading this, you will get what you want. Believe in yourself and that's inspiration.
The worst thing to call somebody is crazy, it's dismissive. 'But I don't understand this person', so they're crazy. That's bullshit cause people are not crazy, they strong people, maybe their environment is a little sick.
Whatever you are doing, love yourself for doing it. Whatever you are feeling, love yourself for feeling it.
My message to you all is of hope, courage, and confidence.
Perhaps defining a self begins with simply making the first choice, simply rising up and deciding what you desire, and then methodically, like writing, putting one word after the other until you have created a whole self and a whole life in the process.
...because I went to London on my own, and because I went to solved the mystery of Who Killed Wellington? and I found my mother and I was brave and I wrote a book and that means I can do anything.
Just because you're from a small town doesn't mean that you're small. Don't ever think anyone's more important than you are or has more valid experiences.
And my dream for you..........., is that you'll catch a glimpse of what I love so much about fashion: It's boldness and creativity, the confidence that it takes to stand before a camera and let your image be captured, even though you aren't perfect, the peace to be truly okay with how others see you.
Fake it till you feel it
A hero is defined by what he or she can do, not by what he or she cannot do.
The saddest sorrow is to desire death while you have life.
Write the story. Don't write sentences.
Having difficult times and grief and brokenness, does not mean that life is over. These are just bumps in the road, obstacles to be overcome and made stepping stones into a long successful life.
Sometimes things go wrong. You need to accept that. You need to know that you will be okay. You're amazing. You can have an amazing life if you choose to live it.
Life.... It's better than the alternative.
When the heart accepts death first, words you can trust are feelings you can take.
No matter what... don't give up. Don't stop believing in yourself and in what you can do, because you are strong and you are capable. Prove them wrong! Don't let them win! Remember when you are at your lowest low - there's only one way to go now... and that is UP!
Stop thinking about the easy way out,There's no need to go and blow the candle outBecause you're not done,You're far too young.
Yeah, because you'll really be showing them, won't you. Talk about cutting up your wrists to spite your fate.
Sometimes you just gotta hope for the hope of having hope some day.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Failure? I never encountered it. All I ever met were temporary setbacks.
Know that tomorrow will bring clarity where before was only fog. In the final summation, it is not other's expectations that slay us, but our over compensatory reactions in regard
As the sun shines I will make hayTo keep failure at bayFor there remaineth a payFor my honest toil each day.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.-Samuel Beckett, Worstward Ho (1983)
Impossible is subjective
Only you are your own successor or lead to your own failure. It is how you learn from your experiences and mistakes. If you keep making the same mistakes, it is you and you alone can take the blame. Today's mistakes can be Tomorrow's lessons.
If you can tolerate the humiliation and helplessness and admit that you're an out-of-control fuckup, it frees you from expectations that you can't possibly meet, promises you can't keep, and appearances you can't maintain; it liberates you from the ensuring cycle of endless failure.
Damage control is part of life. It would be better to never make a mistake, but once it's made it's best to handle it with grace and humility. Sometimes that shows others more than our failures ever could.
Failure is not an option.
Failure is not an option
The phoenix must burn to emerge
Life is like a roller coaster. Ups and downs are just part of the ride.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Fatigue, discomfort, discouragement are merely symptoms of effort.
Successful people use failures to sharpen their intuition by acknowledging mistakes for what they truly are - feedback.
Have you failed today? If not, you might not be trying hard enough. Failure is a part of growth, a stepping stone towards success. In its own right it is a small victory and should be celebrated as such. So I ask you again, have you failed today?
Failure only happens when you lose your willpower to continue trying...If we let the obstacles get the best of us then it was our choice to fail, not fate.
As for your failures - stop calling them failures. Refer to them as "experiences". That's all they really are - just experiences.
If we fail to learn from our trials and errors then we truly fail.
Once a person has declared "failure", they cease to look for the alternate open door. When in reality it was just inches away and wide open.
Your failure is measured by your aspirations. Aspire not, and you cannot fail. Columbus died in chains. Joan or Arc was burned at the stake. Let us all live snugly -- and life will soon be little more than a thick, gelatinous stream of comfortability and ignorance.
Your qualifications, your CV, are not your life, though you will meet many people of my age and older who confuse the two.
If you fail, never give up. Keep trying, you will succeed.
Think as if failure is not a possibility.
Go out and do your thing knowing that rejection and failure is an inevitable and integral part of the process to achieving your dreams.
Today he failed to change the world. As for tomorrow, who can tell?
Fear not failure but success.
I don't believe in failure. Whenever you take action and do something, irrespective of the outcome, you have succeeded by simply doing and trying. The universe rewards action. So believe in yourself and do whatever it is you want to do.
You have a choice! Deal with life's problems ... or life will deal with you.
I've often said a man's character is not judged after he celebrates a victory, but by what he does when his back is against the wall. So no matter how great the setback, how severe the failure, you never give up.
In our lives, we need some hope to be able to proceed to the next ladder, without it, we're failures.
Things don't always go as planned, but it's when you make a plan out of the unplanned and make the best of the unlikely things In life.
The end always doesn't justify the means you used to reach there.
A sad fact in life is that you cannot have winners without losers, no matter what you do, it's up to you to make out which one you are.
Failure is a bruise. Not a tattoo.
Motivate yourself by failure, to achieve bigger things than you thought possible at first.
mYou learn more from your mistakes and failures than from any degree of success. Success can only be grasped for a moment before it becomes a distant oasis not to be found again unless you thirst for the knowledge found in the well fed by your mistakes and failures.
You learn more from your mistakes and failures than from any degree of success. Success can only be grasped for a moment before it becomes a distant oasis not to be found again unless you thirst for the knowledge found in the well fed by your mistakes and failures.
Wanting to win is what keeps the trade on, If you win, you lose the trade.
All people who made it at one time thought they could never make it.
You will only fail to learn if you do not learn from failing.
You will fail. That's great. Here's a secret for you - that's the only way you can learn. Learning has to cost you something. If you fail but learn something from your failure, you will grow.
Relax your fears, let your ambition take the wheel for a while; it'll take you somewhere exciting that you've never been.
If you never fail, that means you never tried to do something impossible.
We all make mistakes. It is important to learn from them and just as important to know when to move on.
Failure in and of itself is not a bad thing. But failing to learn from it is inexcusable.
Foe unvanquished, I will not perish in the field; I will be born again to take up the halberd seven more times.
When you fail, you can resist correction or cooperate in your recovery and future success.
Jumping from failure to failure with undiminished enthusiasm is the big secret to success.
Let your experience be not one of failure but one that has taught you new things which you would not have known had you not tried
On hindsight every failure is the best medicine, bitter but effective
a hundred failures mean a thousand successes
There is treasure hidden beneath the entire land, but the problem is people are unwilling to dig it out.
To be defeated is only a fable in which one may tell of oneself. I will try and I will try again, though never shall I call it failure. I am simply one step closer to thy truth.
Dreams aren't only an illusion to put you into a subconsciously pleasurable state of mind for the time being, but also a pathway to gain complete contentment.
If you adjust first time, compromise second time, failure is what you will get third time.
There is only one reason that you ever fail at anything...and that is because you eventually change your mind. That's it!...anything and everything you have ever decided to do, you have succeeded, or will succeed, at doing.
Emotional pain, physical damage, financial weakness are the reasons to stop for a while and not forever.
Forgiving ourselves and learning from our inevitable mistakes transforms failure from a stumbling block into a stepping stone.
Don't overestimate your emotions because emotional injuries can disturb you but it can not defeat you.
Failure fear people who pursue success, cause their bravery to become successful is far more than failure to understand.
Don't live your life like an attempt, because if you fail there is no second attempt.
Giving up doesn't make you a quiter, a loser or a failure.It makes you wise enough to stop holding on to what refuses to be held.Hence i say, letting go hurts,but holding on to what is no longer therehurts even more.
If you don't keep moving forward, you'll always be in the same place.
You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure-or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because, remember, that's where you will find success.
Everything has a finsh line. You just have to keep moving forward until you cross it.
Forget seizing the moment. Seize the opportunity.
If you're afraid to fail you'll never succeed
By the time I was fourteen the nail in my wall would no longer support the weight of the rejection slips impaled upon it. I replaced the nail with a spike and went on writing.
The things that I regret in my life are not errors of judgement but failures of feeling.
Fear of failure prevents you from realising your dreams of success.
Whatever it takes to finish things, finish. You will learn more from a glorious failure than you ever will from something you never finished.
Behind a great success, there was a great failure
Sooner or later, the man who learnt lessons from his failures will be the one to be sought first for guidance, counsel and formula on how to be successful in life's endeavours.
Do you know the opportunity you get when you fail? It is starting again - an opportunity to perform better.
Failure gives the bald hairs; equips the novice with experience. The learner, sooner or later, becomes a teacher by it.
A mistake of one man is not the mistake of mankind.
It was very quiet at the hotel, as if there had been a death in the family. When you have quit the Tour, nobody really knows what to say or do. (...) Everything I'd previously achieved meant nothing; all I was now was a pro rider who couldn't finish the Tour de France.
The drive to know fuels the desire to seek.
Sometimes the best things for us aren't necessarily the things we want.
Women are the desire behind all dreams.
If we don't currently have what we so desire, then we must become a different person. Beliefs and thought patterns is the road to victory.
Over the boundary of time,Hope transcends,Desire sings,One verse,One song,And that is the song of happiness.
Happiness is there where wants and needs are small, but the desire to give is big.
As a teacher, the desire to teach is valuable, but the desire to educate is priceless.
The desire to learn is valuable, but the desire for an education is priceless.
To be a poet is a love affair, not a desire to dare.
To teach, ignite the fire of desire to learn.
All employees have an innate desire to contribute to something bigger than themselves.
How can you possibly do everything you want to do in life if you start doing a bunch of things twice?
In the history of a soul's evolution there is a critical point of the human incarnation that decides for us whether we stay there, go down or progress upwards. There is a knot of worldly desires impeding us; cut the knot by mastering desires and go forward. This done, progress is assured.
Patience can be bitter but her fruit is always sweet.
You can't jump for the stars if your feet hurt. And when you get where you're going, you darn well better look great!
Time is a terrible thing because it can erase both joys and pains.
Reaching the finish line isn't possible without beginning the first step of the journey. Start today, don't wait.
The moment you awake ,you know the mystery of life.
The mystery of life is the moment.
Many believe that the Vatican withheld important parts of the Third Secret, perhaps because its contents were too dangerous to reveal...
Maggie Dove wanted to be a beacon of light. She dreamed of being the sort of person who made others laugh, calmed crying babies, soothed wild dogs, inspired hopefulness.
Paper Towns for a Paper Girl, who wants to think and read clearly
Nature does not reveal her mysteries once and for all.
Sometimes you gotta say what's in your heart... And you have to stand for what you believe. No matter what." ~'Dr. Michael C. Anders,
Charm is deceptive, Wise is sly, having talent is impressive and that puzzles you why. I, but not you, know the mask that I wear. Like how a master knows its masterpiece which is unknown to the world.
Life is more than we get and possess. It is a mystery!
New mysteries. New day. Fresh doughnuts.
Never ask questions you don't want the answer to.
Expansion of character is connected to expansion of destiny.
He is nothing more than one of my pawns. However, he is not a normal pawn. He is a pawn that can get across the whole board in one move.
If man could apply half the ingenuity he's exhibited in the creation of weapons to more sensible ends, there's no limit to what he might yet accomplish
Only the virtuous can count on life, the pursuer of evil can only ever count on death.
The idea of eternal return is a mysterious one, and Nietzsche has often perplexed other philosophers with it: to think that everything recurs as we once experienced it, and that the recurrence itself recurs ad infinitum! What does this mad myth signify?
There is no condition so severe that you cannot reverse itby choosing different thoughts. However, choosing differentthoughts requires focus and practise. If you continue to focusas you have been, to think as you have been, and to believeas you have been, then nothing in your experience will change"~ from 'Ask And It Is Given' ~
At anytime you can decide to live a life that says " I love myself
It's so free to know that I do not have to compensate or make excuses for being treated poorly in relationships. I can simply move forward knowing I deserve better
Gratitude is food for a weary soul.
Luckily i went out and just did it, successfully, before i was told that it can't be done!Den-J
It takes a rare person to care the same or more about you than themselves. So, until you find that person, please look after yourself.
We hurt ourselves much more than anyone can hurt us just by believing the stupid thoughts we get sometimes.
I strongly believe that you have to get lost to find yourself.
True change doesn't happen overnight; it has to happen gradually. You first have to have a change of heart, then a change of mind, and then your actions will follow.
True self-confidence never needs to degrade the confidence of others in order to grow and survive. If it does, it's not confidence at all.it's ego.
True self-confidence never needs to degrade the confidence of others in order to grow. If it does, it's not confidence at all.it's ego.
I can Be what I WILL to Be. Find A Way~ Make it Happen!
I think the times that we're fucked up and lost in the world bring us closer to figuring out who we are.
When people ask me how I am I tell them......"I'm present
People transform. I've seen it over and over. As we reframe and refine our lives, we up-level in the most remarkable ways. We end up in places and with lives we never dreamed of when we were caught in our outdated assumptions that we are our personalities, stuck with ourselves as we are.
Start from your heart. The greatest journeys begin on the inside.
What a blessing, what a treasured friend that despair turned out to be. It continually crushed my ongoing attempts at manufacturing optimism, slowing me down, leveling me so I could return to love and begin again and again.
What I'm willing to admit is that my mind, as it serves my heart, becomes a very creative place, capable of surprising ingenuity and masterful reframes. And in this incredibly creative place, my world works for me, not against me.
May your hope keep you joyful.
Claiming our birthright means living in beauty inwardly regardless of our outer circumstances. It means cultivating the qualities coded in our hearts.
When we slow down, sometimes way down, that's when we rise up and see the beauty that is all around us, the beauty that is always around us. And if we slow down even more, then we start to see the beauty that is in us - the preciousness, worth and value that was there all along.
When we think of fear as an acronym meant to support us, we find that fear itself has genius, magic and power in it. We can use any fear that we feel to our advantage in the moment by remembering what FEAR really is: Forgetting Everything is All Right.
Before searching for happiness in others, we must first find it in ourselves.
Here's what I believe. We have control over ourselves at every single moment. We don't control the world. We don't control other people (or at least, we shouldn't.) But we are in control of our experience at all times.
It happened to me just this year with a beautiful boy I started hanging out with. Call me a hormonal teenager if you want, but evidently I haven't grown out of this experience. His name, his voice, his face, his laugh - anything was enough to make my heart start beating faster. It's the spark.
You have a spark. It is real. It is you. And right now, it is being activated. You cannot ignore the spark any longer.
A belief is nothing more than a repeated thought which you have chosen to embrace and implement in your life.
My goal is to be the most magical person you know. I say that all the time, because it's an idea that really does shape my daily life. But you might not have met me, or maybe you aren't familiar with me at all. Still, I know that you have a person who has given you that feeling.
You are a soul. You are a creator. You are an individual, absolutely and positively one of a kind. You are an energetic being of love with enough power inside of you to change this entire world forever.
The biggest mistake people make in life is trying to be someone else. They never find themselves, so they never love themselves. Instead they find somebody else who they like a lot and try to be them.
You have not been given the task of creating something brand new from the vast world around you. All you are called to do is discover what is inside of you right now, the life you have been given. Once you find that, you can begin creating something external that aligns with and affirms your spark.
A sure way to go broke is to spend your outer riches before you have saved enough of your inner ones.
As soon as you see the need to change your partner to save the relationship, it is then time to end it.
As you see the need to change your partner to save the relationship, it is then time to end it.
You will never learn to fly unless you jump!
Growth can't be constrained when the journey unfolds naturally and we are open to possibility and unfamiliar paths.
There are handful of moments in your life when you'll be challenged to choose between what you really want and what you believe is possible. These are the moments which will shape both your destiny AND who you will become.
If your comfort zone is misery, it's time to get uncomfortable.
Most good decisions that a person make are a result of reflection and the will to change.
To attain true inner freedom, you must be able to objectively watch your problems instead of being lost in them... Once you've made the commitment to free yourself of the scared person inside, you will notice that there is a clear decision point at which your growth takes place.
I believe in beauty. I believe in goodness. I believe in the power of turning: the other cheek, time, curve of the earth.
The shortest and the hardest journey to make is the inner one.
Don't quit because it's hard. Quit because it's not hard enough
Fear and anxiety many times indicates that we are moving in a positive direction, out of the safe confines of our comfort zone, and in the direction of our true purpose.
Love sticks around even when it has a lot to put up with.
Love says, "I'm with you, let's deal with it.
...but thinking about it didn't do a thing. Thinking about it was a long dive into a bucket of shit that didn't have a bottom.
Freedom is something that you give yourself and no one else can ever take away.
If you simplify your life, quit chasing the wind, and be quiet before Him, He'll show up.
Freedom of action is disguised as a freedom of discipline.
Stop listening to the TV tell you about America the beautiful . . . get up and be America the beautiful.
Peace is self-examination and being all right with what you see. Freedom is being able to open up to others without the worry of persecution. Happiness is seeing others for who they are and embracing the differences.
Change cannot and will not happen overnight. But the intent to evolve will produce opportunities for growth.
From apparently the basest metals we have the finest toned bells.
Make sure your subconscious knows you love it by stroking it until it purrs.
You will find, that when you have someone to love, that the face is less important than the brain, and the body is less important than the heart.
if something does go wrong, here is my advice... KEEP CALM and CARRY ON.
Who are they to give stars or dots? They're Wemmicks just like you."Eli to Punchinello (p. 25)
People make mistakes, it's just part of life. But, it's what we do with those mistakes that matters. What matters is what we learn from the mistakes, not what the mistake is.
Every human being, he believed, must do one of three basic things during his lifetime: leave something living, create something lovely, or make something better.
I go on the presumption that everyone's full of shit until proven otherwise, and this usually serves me in good stead.
I would rather be confused for 10 minutes than bored for 5 seconds.
Drinking is something people do; it's not what you are. But when it becomes what you are, you need to think about becoming something else.
Be careful who's advice you heed to! It is better to listen to your heart.
It's maybe impossible to escape (your own head), but I guess the secret is the prison cell just gets bigger and bigger and bigger and prettier and prettier and prettier.
Your gift is your grace.
Fine gold is recognized when it is tested.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
Holding a grudge is a fatal flaw.
Don't you think you ought to at least think about getting yourself to your ultimate? Because, trust me, nobody else is going to get you there.
You'll do well, Percy. Just remember your strengths and beware your weaknesses.
Just be you. That's the best advice I can give. There are seven billion people in this world and there is no one like you.
Sometimes silence is not an indicator of not caring, but a way to give time and space to the one who's hurting. Only judge when time passes ad the void widens such that the chasm cannot be bridged.
Thing was, after the hurricane, life went on. You had to buy milk, fix the broken windows, play some Warhammer, discuss some girls. Wow!
You're a superhero. Deal with it.
Find the gold in every moment.
It feels good read but greater to write.
It's your mind you have to train, like your mom said that one time, you have to separate yourself from all the crap, get down to the core, focus.
Beware of leaders who prefer controlling 100 % of nothing over sharing a fortune.
Great mentors give great advice.
Female is female.
Woman is woman.
Life is holy endured faith.
We write to share the deepest heart-talk of our souls.
Human welfare depends on healthy ecosystems.
What is yours will be yours without any fight.
I'd rather be a hopeless romantic than a skeptic, because while the hopeless romantic may get burned many times, the skeptic will never really experience love.
May we embrace one another with love, a smile and a warm hug?
May we love, support and help one another.
Every experience is a book to be written.
I'm not paralyzed by fear about what might have been or what might be. I'm grateful for what is and I make excellent use of what I've got.
Define yourself. Define your passion.Define your success.
Try to pause each day and take a walk to view nature.
Knowledge is half the battle. The application of knowledge is the other half.
No matter how long a log of wood remains in the river it does not become a crocodile
Never be afraid to ask. The worst you'll get is 'No', but maybe you'll get a 'Yes'.
Knowledge is half the battle. The application of knowledge is the other half. (1998)
I know I have a long way to go but for now I am taking my life one day at a time. Enjoying every minute of my youth as far as I could. I know I am still young but no one is ever too young to have a dream so big to inspire many people.
Never be afraid to ask. The worst you'll get is 'No' but maybe you'll get a 'Yes'.
I want her to know that this world is made out of sugar. It can crumble so easily but don't be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.
Remember, people who peek through keyholes have to expect an occasional poke in the eye.
There are no failures. Just experiences.
I don't think anybody should read anything except for fun because you won't learn anything unless you enjoy it.
An advice is truly valuable when people not just give it their ears but also their obedience.
Sometimes you have to take the good with the bad to get what you need.
Until our education system is repositioned to take care of the tripartite nature of a human being - head, heart and hand, we cannot make healthy progress as a nation or individuals.
Until you're ready to look foolish, you'll never have the possibility of being great".
In this business (showbiz) it takes time to be really good and by that time, you're obsolete.
One word of caution-be careful how much you listen to the advice of others when in a deep pit of despair.
Take the next 24 hours and just relax with the knowing that everything is okay. Let go of the stress and worry for one day and see what happens.
You don't have to do something every day that scares you. There's no fun in being terrified. Do one thing every day that makes you happy.
If we are not growing together, then we should not stay together.
Don't worry about how something is going to happen, just know that it is all unfolding perfectly, whether you can see it or not.
When our time is up we can only take with us what we have learned and experienced in our development in creating for ourselves and others."By helping others we help ourselves
Learn from past experiences but accept them all as perfect while staying in the present. Let go of everything that doesn't serve you.
Set the goal, adjust the goal when needed, and stay locked in on the goal.
In truth, people can generally make time for what they choose to do; it is not really the time but the will that is wanting.
Our ambition should be to rule ourselves, the true kingdom for each one of us; and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
I guess, my advice would be the following: stay calm and do not let the panic seize you.
I have found so many angels trapped inside undisputed jargon that I find myself digging at the words, in order to release them, from the books that unfairly captured their soul.
For all its accolades and celebrated recognition as sound guidance, I have personally noticed that sometimes, 'follow your heart,' is really bad advice.
You can't lead when you have not been loaded with the skills of immagination.
whenthings turns upside down, think it over and let new come apace
Erase the parts that make me unhappy. I guess that means emphasizing the parts that do.
Just do what makes sense.
Life is war, war is game so life is game. Either lose or win. Know it earlier
Treat your advices like your money, don't give it to others unless they ask for it.
I speak less because my words are precious and my advices are priceless.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
We must be able to look under the surface rather than over-analyze it and delude ourselves into thinking we're seeing beneath it.
Be what you are.
When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.
Go for your goal, be ambitious. Do what you dream, unlock your wishes.
He's mad that trusts in the tameness of a wolf, a horse's health, a boy's love, or a whore's oath.
Mom lies down next to me and we both stare at the ceiling in complete silence. Boys are like candy, she suddenly says. I grin. Really, Mom? That's your advice? Boys are like candy. What is that? Forrest Gump on teens?
Good habits are hard to form and easy to live with. Bad habits are easy to form and hard to live with. Pay attention. Be aware . If we don't consciously form good ones, we will unconsciously form bad ones.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless.
Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not.
Fight for your life, it's the only one you've go
Teamwork is the secret that make common people achieve uncommon result.
At least three times every day take a moment and ask yourself what is really important. Have the wisdom and the courage to build your life around your answer.
You never finish writing a novel, you eventually abandon it.
There are plenty of bad editors who try to impose their own vision on a book. (.)A good novel editor is invisible.
Don't waste inspiration
Do something every day that is loving toward your body and gives you the opportunity to enjoy the sensations of your body.
Your oddity is your hottest commodity but you scratch yourself like it's the lottery to reject yourself mentally, spiritually & bodily.
I am more than my measurements. The cycle of body-shaming needs to end. I'm over it. My body is MY body. I'll call the shots.
What if each time you experienced an emotion, you acknowledged it, accepted it, and became curious about its message for you (instead of trying to make it go away or make it last longer)? Imagine how this could change your life. Imagine how heard, loved, and honoured you would feel if you really listened to yourself.
The more accepting I've become about all the pieces of myself-even the crazed, hysterical ones-the more relaxed I've become with who I am.And then one day you figure out how to be more peaceful with all of your hysteria, and suddenly you're not as hysterical so often.
Self-Love is accepting you for what you are, Accepting your flaws and just being confident in your own skin. Acceptance is the first and the most important step for the self-love. Accept the fact that you are a human and thus wired to make mistakes.
We each bring our own unique beauty to the world, and how blessed we are to have the freedom to find that beauty in each other.
It is in the last step that one finds the unfathomable beginning; it is in the aloneness that one discovers himself never alone; it is in the deep silence that one hears the hidden music-the chant of eternity, the illuminated whisper of love.
A message from Love: Write my name in silent script upon your heart; and then. go anywhere, and be what you have written.
Celebrate one soul, touch one heart, light one lamp; and the whole universe moves.
How can they love me ,if I can't even love myself?
Be unapologetically you.....Don't apologize for who you are or what you are. Just be YOU and those that matter will be drawn to you and those that aren't will not matter.
Embrace the flow of your life path, living with grace and ease while showing love towards yourself and others along your journey.
When you feel as if you should conform and be like everyone else....Remember that you were born to stand out and be your uniquely beautiful and talented self.
When things are challenging, remember you are not the feelings and emotions. They are just a reaction to the situation, so accept them and try to find the root source and ease that pain - The core essence of you is a beautiful, unique, authentic spirit and you are worth of everything in life.
When we accept the labels placed on us by ourselves and others, we then restrict and limit ourselves based on those labels. Break free from them and reclaim your unlimited potential to be your amazing self.
Never let your desire for love override your sense of self and value.
Love yourself. You don't need a man, or a boy, or a self-proclaimed love expert to tell you what you're worth. Your power comes from who you are and what you do. You don't need all that noise - that constant hum in the background telling you whether or not you're good enough.
Dear YOU, don't compare yourself to ANYONE. Your Unique Self is empowered, powerful, and unstoppable! Your uniqueness is what makes you incomparable! Don't underestimate the beauty of just being YOU.
The purpose of this glorious life is not simply to endure it, but to soar, stumble, and flourish as you learn to fall in love with existence. We were born to live, my dear, not to merely exist.
Everyone has a price, as they say. So let the price on your tag say PRICELESS INVALUABLE IRREPLACEABLE.
I will live this life the only way I know how. With love at its core. With love in my heart.
Never force yourself on another. If you do this, then this is you trampling on your own dignity without the external help.
There's definitely one person in this world I know I can count on. She's there in the mirror.
Do not expect to receive love from someone else you do not give yourself
I want to save the world but I haven't worked out a way to save myself yet.
Do not deceive yourself
Each and every Indian, man or woman, child or Elder, is a spirit-warrior.
Celebrate every moment of your sacred-life.
I hate pretty much everyone almost as much as I love myself.
You can't spend your whole life holding the door open for people and then being angry they didn't thank you. Nobody asked you to hold the fucking door
Choose the body to live in.
Let your spirit be great.
Relax, Recreate and Refresh!
Relax, refresh and revive your soul, spirit and body.
Adorn your sacred-existence.
Love is pure. Love is divine.
You can love again.
The mere fact that I exist means that I deserve to be here and to express myself any damn why I please.
Love does not envy, does not boast, does not delight in evil but rejoice in truth.
Love yourself and the beauty of your uniqueness.
If you are allowing something to upset or anger you, try this: Before giving in to those negative emotions, try and think of one positive thing, one learning that you will gain, a single glimpse of something that you can use to build a positive future. Here's a nudge to push you along: You own your mind. You choose to be either a victim or to take control.
Take time for yourself. If you feel guilty eating lunch away from yourdesk or lingering in a bath, let the deprogramming begin.
You are your own soul mate, so love and treat yourself in the same way you would your life partner.
There is nothing shameful about loving yourself. The shame is in NOT loving the unique and brilliant individual that you are.
Did you make a mistake today? Did you do or say something that you're ashamed of? Congratulations. You are officially human. Love yourself, especially when you're aching with shame or regret. Make your amends, learn the lesson, and love your wondrous human self.
Focus on keeping faith and growing your roots of light so strong and deep that no one, not even yourself, can make you believe something about yourself that is not good for your soul.
Dare not to criticise self, lift yourself up and set the boundaries for your worth. Speak kindly to self and hand your worries over to the wind,if you are here; you are successful already, start believing in your story, the destination will be meaningless if the journeys never been truly lived
these "sometimey" feelings are welcomed to stay... reminiscent of ying and yang: they need eachother to help me get through the good & bad days
The next time you get scared, get sacred!
You should never apologize for existing, Lev. Not even to all those people out there who wish you didn't.
In our need to be somebody, we often forget that we are somebody.
Love, above all things, is a commitment to your choice.
Love cannot come from where love is not. We cannot express love from within us for another if there is no love for ourselves within us.
Monsters were wild. Monsters were strong. Monsters were fierce and free.If I was monstrous...perhaps it wasn't such a bad thing.
Our Imperfections Are What Make Us Perfect.
Zach found himself remembering something he'd heard Soledad and Leo saying the previous night, about healing. That it was mysterious. That it took time. And that Lucy was just at the beginning. That a terrible thing had happened - two terrible things, really - but they were now over.And that Lucy would be okay, in the end.
No matter how long it takes to heal...we share the same scars...
Be just the balm you need to heal what ails you
Restoration comes from the Redeemer.
You know you're having a bad week when you call 911, the paramedics come to your house, and one of them notices you've rearranged your furniture.
Bitterness leads to brokenness in spirit.
You can tuck your head under your wing for a while...and wait out this storm. But you will fly again.
The good news is you survived. The bad news is you're hurt and no one can heal you but yourself.
We all have scars, my beautiful one. They make us who we are, and if we let them, they bring us together.
You have survived so muchthat no one remembers.And you still spread warmrain on all your overgrownlots. And you still get dressedin the morning. You stillopen wide for the sun.
I will not let triggers, flashbacks,nightmares control my emotions.I will not let those triedto destroy me win this war.I have awakened and I willfind peace with myself.
The healing that comes with self-acceptance rippled through my life. As I embraced my carefree nature, I began living from my truth, and watched as the pure expression of who I am and the love I bring to the world illuminated my life.
Let go, let go, let go,Just let it go,Let the tears come out,Stop fighting the tears back,Stop wearing different masks,Let yourself be seen,Let yourself be the real you,
do not look for healingat the feet of thosewho broke you
With time, scars turn into wisdom.
I know it's possible to overcome even very big problems in life, to heal yourself and move on
If you are busy focusing on the falling bricks, you will never realize that they are truly stepping stones you need to cross over to the next phase of your life.
She who heals herself, heals others.
Take one day at a time, nurture each day, and the hurt will be yesterdays past.
Hope is the first step to healing
Distress leads to dimness.
Take Care of Yourself First- It's Easier to Serve Others That Way.
Polarity exists so that we may discover the truth beyond this world of duality, which is the ultimate purpose of life.
We are born into this precious human existence to achieve the uni cation of opposites and become enlightened, or liberated, from the illusion of separation.
Forgiveness has to be repeated, the bible says seventy times seven.
Breathe Through the Pain, It Always Gets Easier with Time.
The soul that is unable to forgive is sentenced to an endless purgatory where time stands still and it is forced to relive its pain over and over onto eternity.
. You deserve to be healthy, wealthy, loved. You deserve to achieve the level of material success that is important to you. You deserve to be respected and admired at home, at work and in your community and you deserve to wake up each day at peace with yourself and with your world. You deserve it all!
If you want to heal Heal othersAnd smile or weepAt this happy reversal of fate
The body suffers, but the spirit is renewed.
Tapping into our inherent sexuality can offer a gateway to deep healing of past hurts and wounds, which are carried in the body and can hinder one's potentials for leading the happy, sexually fulfilled life we all deserve.
Scars heal when you learn to FLY.F(irst) L(ove) Y(ourself).
Healing is not a process, it is a choice. Nothing can heal your scars until you decide to.
We dream of the future, to distract ourselves from the present, in order to forget the past.Heal the past, live in the present and don't rush to the future. Life is a journey and it will all be over before you know it.
It is often amidst the chaos in our life that we finally find the reason for our existence.
Happy, Healthy, Wealthy, and Wise, for the rest of our days till the end of our lives.
Our love would be solace, companionship, and the mending of wounds.
Vulnerability is what heals us.
You know what's sexy? A person who's been through a life challenge, and comes out with insights, more depth, and a fiery passion to face forward, forward, forward!
Hope kept us alive in the midst of the turbulence.
The pain you endure today will lead to a better tomorrow. Don't dwell so much on the pain but focus on the lessons learned. There in lies your strength to rise above all odds. Your best is yet to come.
When you discover the difference between consciousness and the brain, you will discover yourself.
We are all part of something magnificent.
A scar isn't about the injury, it's about the healing.
When a plan fails, it does not mean we have failed. It just means we need a new plan.
When I stood there, looking out the window at the raindrops and thinking of everything I lost, I forgot everything I have. When I remembered the things I have, I forgot I lost anything at all.
When I stood there, looking out the window at the raindrops and thinking of everything I lost, I forgot everything I have. When I remembered everything I have, I forgot everything I lost.
Life requires of man spiritual elasticity, so that he may temper his efforts to the chances that are offered.
All things are possible to those who believe:
We must make time to reflect on life.Someday this life will be gone.
But time soon passes. Even the deepest pain eventually loses its edge in the more vivid reality of the present; then, what once was unbearable becomes strangely familiar. And after much familiarity, it assumes the insignificance of just another milestone, ever marking the journey to higher ground.
Add these affirmations:"Bright LifeParticles are energizing my body.""Every cell in my body vibrates with energy and health.
Hope: Hold on, persistence effort!
I do not know the details of tomorrow, but I have a hope for a better tomorrows.
In the experience is the emotion. In the emotion is the gift.
Come, come into this circle of grace and friendship.Come bringing only your open heart.You owe us nothing but truth, you need no heavy armor here.Show us your beautiful scars, the evidence of adventures you've survived.Tell your stories from the road.This space is home.You are safe to come as you are without fear.
Do not partner with fear to help you make decisions
[M]y only route was trust: trust in a *deeper* wisdom, the wisdom responsible for making my heart beat, my eyes shine, my hair grow; trust in the infinite intelligence responsible for making my cells replicate; trust in the part of me that is awake when I'm asleep at night.
There's an undeniable healing power in telling the truth to someone who validates you by simply listening . . . honor washes away the stench of shame.
Through depression and many other dark low emotions, our Light dims and our immune system declines along with it. White blood cells are the physical Light of our body.Colors can be used to heal, restore and to uplift us.
How you react to the issue, IS the issue.
Regardless of where I have been, I choose to step into my loving.
What issues sidetrack you from your mission to get well?
An apology can be a wonderful thing so long as it is infrequent and from the heart. However, beware of the person who justifies bad behavior with apologies. For them it is a means to an end, and quite often at your expense.
.if you have someone who wants to heal, sometime they will respond to the unconventional. Their minds are more open to healing, so their bodies become more willing too. I believe that medication, while a wonderful thing, has its limits. That there are answers to be found in the unconventional.
When i move through my pain, it clears the path for a new dawn, a new day. It is in these moments, i feel the sun rising on the horizon of hope, in my soul.
Make your pain productive and you can transform tragedy into triumph.
The task ahead of you is never as great as the power within you.
Hiding a wound can cause a serious infection without healing. It has to be exposed and washed. Sure, the cleansing may cause pain at first-but, in the end, it brings healing, as well as relief.
There is a fine line between paranoia and sensibly caring for our already overburdened bodies.
Our wounds are not a measure of one individual's sad fate, but an indication of our unity with others.
There's no hurt so great that love can't heal it.
This is what you should know about losing someone you love. They do not travel alone. You go with them.
What hell condemned, let heaven now heal.
And it's always better, isn't it, when you discover answers on your own?
But life doesn't turn out the way you expect. Ever. - Iris from What Comes After
May your eye go to the Sun, To the wind your soul... You are all the colors in one, at full brightness.
A Time Comes When Silence is Betrayal.
The early morning sunshine shot up the ice-covered valley. It glinted off the backs of slumbering mastodon, reflected between the antlers of caribou.
For whom do you cry, my son? the Great Spirit asked.I do not know.Yes, you do.
This is a time of change, the Shaman said. This is a time of enormous power.
Do you understand the meaning of the soil beneath your feet?
The Sun Dagger appeared on the rock face directly above the Shaman's shadowed head. It dazzled within the shade as the sunlight slipped through a gap in the overhead slabs. The dagger cut slowly down the rock, slicing through the very center of the etched spiral. The middle of time, Chaco whispered to himself.
The other Clans will soon arrive. The greatest times of our family are before us. And so are the darkest.
We the People . . . The People of the Long House.
The Day of Trouble is Near
We must love our slaves, Papa. We must love them as hard as we are able.
West Point-The Key to the Continent and Independence.
No words in our ledgers could do justice to this sublime beauty, Captain Lewis said. The expedition should have brought a camera obscura.Peter wasn't familiar with the words, but no matter. He knew he was part of something magnificent-something greater than himself or the Corps of Discovery. And he knew what it was. It was America. And it was beautiful.
I refuse to believe the people of Texas and all Americans in the world have forgotten us.
Do not fret, my brother, my child. For the buffalo will roam the plains once more.
We live in a complicated society, Bromley-one that is changing and which does indeed need to change. But do you not think any change must begin within our own family gathering?
Rainbow Cloud strode forward like a hunting cat with the same strength of height and broad shoulders, the same rolling gait as First Light's father. They were indeed the same man, split in two at birth, so the family might be rewarded by twice the skill in hunting each brother possessed.
The Sleepin' Fox Catches No Poultry.
There were no stars, only the darkness and an arctic chill that had intensified since the first thin, blood-red stripes of sunrise shimmered on the ocean's horizon.
This typewriter is the only one that has listened to me throughout the years, the only one who wants to know the girl beneath my layers.
We are young and the night is young. We are in the middle of somewhere and we are feeling everything.
You truly do have the power to reach your goals.
You're unstoppable as long as you keep taking the next step.
Your supporters can help you think in new ways, solve problems, and burst through barriers.
There are 1,440 minutes in every day. How are you using yours?
The most meaningful hopes and dreams don't come from outside sources-they come from within.
To make your goals savvy, keep them both personal (meaningful to you and aligned with your values) and positive (so you feel good about what you're trying to accomplish.
If you can find time for [other] activities, you can make time for your goals.
When going for your goals, staying motivated, enthusiastic, and flexible are daily deeds of daring.
Attitude plays a bigger role than you may imagine in determining your future success-bigger than talent, money, or popularity.
The more often you visualize your success and the more details you envision, the more motivated you'll feel.
No matter how much (or how little) help someone provides, always say thanks. Thank yous are simple but important.
It's up to you to make your dreams real.
If all else fails, try to get some sleep.whether you realize it or not, getting enough sleep can make it easier to solve problems, control your emotions, and cope with change.
Ask yourself exactly what you want in your life-now and in the future. If you were given the opportunity to do or have anything, what would it be, and why?
The biggest regrets people have aren't about what they did, but what they didn't do.
Your values form the foundation of your life. They also form the foundation of your dreams. And just as each person's values are unique, so are each person's dreams.
Three out of every one hundred people set goals. Even fewer write them down. You can be someone who does have goals-A Goal Getter!
Talent guided by genius can achieve anything
This is an epiphany moment, I can either sink or swim
Life is not only consisted of "yes" and "no", but a lot of "yes and's" and "no but's".
So, go. Travel far. Travel courageously. Travel young.
Never let a man determine the woman you want to be.
Beginnings are easier to find in hindsight
I live in an ecotone. Employment must coexist with goofing off. Responsibility must coexist with irresponsibility.
She never looked nice.She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.
I'm here by choice, I reminded myself. I'm here because I can't bear to be not- here anymore. I'm here because I can't tell right from wrong, light from dark. I'm here because I can't stand being me. I'm here because I don't want anyone to know where I am.
You're not alone. You're never alone. Use creativity to change what world you're in at this moment.
Speak up and speak clearly. I want to hear what you have to say because it matters. Let's listen to each other and respect one another's opinions. Although, they may be different, wisdom allows us to be responsible for our own feelings and actions.
It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.
I don't care how impossible it seems.
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying them without money.
You are only limited by your own imagination
You can crab over the morning paper and kick the shins of the guy in the next seat at the movies and feel mean and discouraged and sneer at the politicians but there are a lot of nice people in the world just the same.
wear flannel next to your skin, and never believe in eternal punishment.
Never underestimate a septuagenarian with time on his hands.
Those half-learn'd witlings, num'rous in our isle As half-form'd insects on the banks of Nile
Life is like a fondue: the best fruit ain't the best till it's been through some goo.
Vegans are always wrong, but damn pleased with themselves
The person who thinks dogs can't talk doesn't want to learn a second language.
Q: When did you realize you wanted to be a w
....I'd rather travel in Cargo-nanoships than a Bullet-train to reach my target.
Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldn't help feeling a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as he felt for himself.
There are things in life worth dying for. Toothpaste isn't one of them.
If I'll be funnier than this, I'll become a joke.
People who leave their drugs in a bathroom the guests use are just asking for trouble.
Wait. Are you about to do something really stupid? -GUARD
Seriously, what would you prefer? To stand out from everyone else, or disappear in the crowd? Because I call the latter 'sheep.
With an enemy like that, who needs friends?
Life is way too short, so try to enjoy every minute of it with a sense of humor!
-Have a Glass of wine & over time it will be fine.
whatever you are be a good one
East or West, Home is BestNorth or South, Hand to Mouth
There's only so far we can step backward in one day
There are times when looking on the bright side takes a lot ot work. I'm taking a break from it tonight. I'll be back at it tomorrow.
To exemplify, -a beautiful glossy nut, which, blessed with original strength, has outlived all the storms of autumn. Not a puncture, not a weak spot any where. -This nut... while so many of its brethren have fallen and been trodden under foot, is still in possession of all the happiness that a hazel-nut can be supposed capable of.
Who's going to take care of it? You?. . . Son, you came in the house yesterday with sh*t on your hands. Humansh*t. I don't know how that happened, but if someone has shit on their hands, it's an indicator that maybe the whole responsibility thing isn't for them. -Dad
what you knowand don't deny thatyou don't knowand knowing thisyou knowwhat and whyyou don't know.Right?
Although life and I are not always in love with each other, we do remain on close speaking terms.
Put down that bottle and pickup an Oreo instead...you"ll live longer! #JustSaying
Be careful what you wear to bed, because you never know where you might wake up.
Writing is my passion, not my job. I need to write as much as I need to breathe, if not more.
Always take a compliment, even if it's not yours
You gotta want it.
you don't know until you know!
I like stories about supervillains. They teach children that you can accomplish great things even when the whole world is against you.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, unless it is the burning bush, in that case the value of your bird just went up!!
Evolution is a theory with more holes than a Dutch dam of swiss cheese.
I'm not afraid of the darkness outside. It's the darkness inside houses I don't like.
Even the brightest magnesium flare can do little against such dark except blind the eyes of the one holding it. Thus one craves what by seeing one has in fact not seen.
The next time that you find yourself surrounded by darkness, I hope that you will consider that you need not necessarily look to the night skies in search of a guiding star to offer hope. You don't essentially have to depend on a shooting star as a prospect or token that you're now able to make a wish that may actually stand a chance of coming to pass.
The night is what allows us to see the stars. Darkness is nothing less than a thousand sunlights.
Foolishness is darkness.
Living in filth is dark doom. The light of awaken leads to cleanliness.
Laughter lights up the darkness.
You can curse the darkness, or you can dispel it.
You can only diffuse light in dark places.
Silence is the best melody.
Remember, you are the light of love in the darkness.
Darkness is a place that encourages us to seek light.
And in the ocean I will fly to the bottomless pit of darkness
Beauty can be found in the most frightening of places. You just have to be open to the possibility that in truth, there's nothing to fear.
A song and a smile from someone I cared about could be enough to distract me from all that darkness, if only for a little while.
...darkness is not everywhere - for here and there I find a few faces illuminated from within. Paper lanterns swaying among the dark trees.
For a man to challenge the darkness he need only be armed with a single spark.
One has to abandon altogether the search for security, and reach out to the risk of living with both arms. One has to court doubt and darkness as the cost of knowing.
But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough, can you see the stars.
There are so many people in the world with so little. Who cares why you decide to help?
When they think about Africa, they think about War, Poverty, Hunger and Diseases.
Everyone is poor in one way or another, so there is no need to worry of where you belong, we are all rich and poor at the same time.
The fastest and cheapest way to eradicate poverty is not by giving food but by giving hope, love, and education.
We won't let poverty kill educational access & opportunities. We'll kill poverty through education.
What we [writers] do might be done in solitude and with great desperation, but it tends to produce exactly the opposite. It tends to produce community and in many people hope and joy.
[I]f the writer does his job right, what he basically does is remind the reader of how smart the reader is.
There is nothing like been consumed by the blazing fire of untold story.
Because I have an ideal to live up to. And I can't fall down in my own eyes!
Inspiration for what we produce comes from reading, observing the world of humans around us and also the animal kingdom
Today is the day that you create worlds, you change lives, you make a something, a someone, out of nothing.Today is the day you become a writer.
My mouth is not talking, my fingers are!
You know you are a writer when you talk about your characters as if they were real people!
Discipline is the bridge between a great idea and a completed novel.
Life is uncertain.Today you get a rose.Tomorrow you feel the thorns.But the end result is red, always!!
Don't let anyone trample on your dream, or let the river take you to its destination. Take the river to your own destination. When you find love, hold on to it.
The writer wants to be understood much more than he wants to be respected or praised or even loved. And that perhaps, is what makes him different from others.
Thoughts don't have time and space, one need to hold them. The one who succeeds at them becomes a writer.
Don't just write a strong female protagonist. Be one.
Some days you live in pajamas, and your hair kind-of has that Albert Einstein look.
Listen to what the sky is telling you.
Life tells the most beautiful stories.
Your life should always come with hot fudge, whipped cream, and a cherry on top.
I chose to be a writer no more than I chose to be female.
Anytime I was denying my inner self, I knew absolutely nothing.
Everyone has scars. Cowards conceal them. The brave reveal them.
Fame is neither something to value nor to view as a threat.
Sometimes you just have to hold each other's hands and walk through it all.
Walk in truth. Leave footprints of honesty.
There's nothing like the gift of understanding.
When we hear our souls speak, we are free.
Every painting tells a story.
Surround yourself with those conducive to you being your highest self.
Be the spark.
It's great to be here.
Love is the universal language.
Everything that is old was once new.
Work with yourself.
I'd rather be a fool than afraid.
Love is the miracle of life.
Love is growing up.
Allow your mood to be sweet and your day will be sweet too.
A great snow is the calm death of struggle and the transformative birth of life.
Love is the way to happiness.
Be life.
The muse is the mystic force, but you are the master.
Dance with the clouds.
Live spiritually and you'll be fine.
Fear is the enemy of success.
We all just need to be real. That is what will save us.
Sometimes you just have to have a can-do fuck you attitude.
All is as we are.
Only by creating out of love will one achieve true greatness.
You will find the greatest happiness in letting yourself be.
You always have it. It's always there.
It's amazing what you can do when you get creative.
My life: under construction, but beautiful.
Perspective is the key to everything.
All answers to life's key questions are found within.
The truth is everything.
Energy will go into what you love, and what you love will grow. Go for a walk and watch it bloom.
Don't we all look up at the same stars?
The greatest artists see what is invisible to the masses.
Life is the stuff of miracles.
Look through the eyes of your highest self. What do you see?
Simplicity is efficient.
Accept nothing. Challenge everything.
Want a role? Fuck a screenwriter.
Listen to yourself and you are heard.
I already won.
Write where you want to go.
Life is not a popularity contest.
I write because I love. I love because I write.
Live in the now and the how will take care of itself.
Happiness is a hot bath on a Sunday afternoon.
Always let life be wild. Forever have life be interesting.
Rocks and minerals: the oldest storytellers.
If someone tells you something is impossible, make it possible.
Screw chocolate. A good steak is where it's at.
How you feel after watching something indicates not what you watched but where you are at.
Life isn't life without real butter.
A single recipe holds countless stories.
In the end, we begin.
The more you focus on fun, the more fun you have.
Love is the key to everything. Love your life.
A masterpiece does not unfurl its wings immediately. It takes time. It will fly when it is ready.
Be the best you.
Love is a dance.
Comedians are people who embarrass themselves in style.
The more of those little light bulbs that can turn on the better. Eventually you'll have enough to light up a movie screen.
Don't just hit a home run. Knock it out of the park.
Extend your vacation whenever possible.
One is far better off feeling than one is thinking.
See the truth. Feel the truth. Be the truth.
Don't just raise the bar. Raise the roof.
A great story is impossible to forget.
You paint the picture of your surroundings. Paint it beautifully.
All the geniuses and greats are really just nerds with experience.
Be the sun breaking through the clouds.
There is no time for holding back.
Truth is not a stereotype.
Find what speaks to your energy and live it.
All the promise of a movie is in the trailer.
Every day is a journey.
As long as you're with you, that's all that matters.
Dance when the sun comes up.
A writer's breakthrough is a breakdown with a smile.
In life, be a kid in a candy store.
A good preview makes you can't wait to see the whole movie.
Life is short. Write naked.
Every day sings its own song.
Find the earth within.
When we think, we hurt. When we feel, we heal.
A film that is a true work of art transcends theatre and heartwarmingly changes lives.
Just say no to negative energy.
Don't look. See.Don't think. Feel.Don't hear.Listen.Pay attentionMiracles really do happen every day
Love your story.
Doubt: How can I know? Truth: How can you not?
At least I'm not afraid, and no one will ever call me boring.
There's always a reason to look up.
When life gives you a second chance, don't just run with it.fly.
You are happy and kind; therefore, you are successful.
If it's not gonna matter tomorrow, it shouldn't matter today.
The truth brings people closer together.
I always like the story behind the story more than the story itself.
Be one with today's adventure.
Further editing deepens a story.
A day of rest yields a hundred days of progress.
Everything is going to be all right. Miracles happen everyday.
Follow life's bliss.
Once you are at the point where you can call yourself a writer, there's no turning back.
You are your own magical elixir. Waste not one drop.
Sometimes writing is like playing with fire. like trying to tame an uncontrollable beast.
Not everything can stand the test of time, but a story can.
Be your best company.
In the equation of life, the limit does not exist.
Everything is going to be all right. Miracles happen every day.
Writers are cut open on the page.
Film brings people together.
Feel yourself climbing the mountain.
I can't sew, but I can spin one helluva yarn.
When we write, we discover answers, though the key is not in the discovery but in the timing of the implementation.
Write out of love. Your piece will finish itself.
The story becomes clearer with time.
Screenwriting is like poker; in the end, you have to go all in.
Storytelling keeps life going.
Storytelling answers questions and solves mysteries.
I think every writer has a little freak in 'em.
Make your writing memorable.
Every object holds a story.
Sometimes you're the protagonist and someone else is the hero.
At the end of your story, you get down to the purity of it all. It's like distilling something.
A true piece of writing sets you free.
Just surrender to the story.
It ends when you're ready for a new beginning.
One must learn the rules so one can break them properly.
I am free to write: therefore, I am free to be.
Screenwriting is made of brevity.
Go write win!
You can tell the number of hours spent on a work by counting the number of coffee rings on your desk.
Work on your craft, whatever your medium. Determination is your illusion headway toward reality.
The key is in the craft.
We write until we find our way. Then the real fun begins.
When life gives you the gift of a great story, to not partake in the telling of that story would be a crime against humanity.
Writers don't write about just anybody.
Write before the sun comes up.
Own your truth.
In the end, you have to make love to your story and see what happens.
It's always more than just a story.
Let your story breathe and be what it really is.
Take your ego out of your story.
I write because I believe
I write because I want to fall in love with love over and over again
I write because I always want good to win over evil
I write because it's a beautiful habit
I write because I know I am only one to control the world I created in my books.
I write because I know magic happens
I write because I know world I create is much beautiful than the world I live in
...so I think writers are made and not born. But what you choose to write is buried so deeply inside it's like lodestones inside you and sooner or later you come near something that you're supposed to be doing with your life and it's like a magnet. It attracts.
I write because in my books, I can experience those (mad and crazy) things that I won't be able to do in my real life
I write because I want to inspire people and help them live a sorted life
I write because I want to give strength to myself
Writers live twice.
We, writers & poets, have a big problem. We swim too deep inside life, also in shallow waters, and then we end touching the sand!
Passionate attraction to someone of the opposite sex will make a hero or a fool of a novelist each time.
A writer is simply one who writes words, Even if just 1 person reads it your work, or a 100, or 1million or 100,000 You are a writer.
Not everyone will like what you write but there's a certain group who'll love what you write. Keep WRITING for them.
Writers are a product of where we come from but by looking at alternatives to the culture in which we live, we can find ways to change and hopefully improve it.
Nothing leaves a scar upon an Authors heart more than a book they've written with purpose going unread.
Everybody is born with a little bit of writer in them. We all come with the desire to work hard to see our creations come to life on the page. But it is those who choose to do something about this passion that has been ignited inside of them that are true writers.
I don't want to write soft, easy fiction; I want to write fiction that challenges.
I know it's difficult in the beginning. But, listen. If you have the impulse to write, do yourself a favor, do the world a favor, and write.
Give all that you can. No more. No less. Every. Single. Day.
The expectation that TV women need to be more likeable than men is bullshit and in need of a change.
A writer writes. There are no exceptions to this reality. No excuses. Stop wasting time talking about your stories and get them on paper.
As you near a finish line, do not slow down. Instead, run faster. Give all you have left until it is done. It is then that you may collapse.
Let life be the foundation. Be brave. Wander deep inside yourself to the little room no one knows about. Fling the door wide open and write.
If insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results - then success is insanity squared!(2012 SCBWI New Member Conference; Richmond, VA)
Three words for a writer: Make me care.
Writing isn't necessarily a gift it is a passion. You can write a one page masterpiece to 99 pages of crap. What keeps you coming back is that Zen moment when you enlightened your own self with a few cleverly arranged words and saved yourself a $200 trip to the shrink, by simply buying a #2 pencil.
My job as a poet, is not to succumb to despair but to find in words, an antidote for the emptiness of existence.
All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right-about-face which turns us from failure towards success.
Writer's block is caused by forcing your will on the Divine.
I always secretly looked forward to nothing going as planned. That way, I wasn't limited by my imagination. That way, anything can, and always did, happen.
What I discovered I liked best about striking out on my bicycle was that the farther I got from home, the more interesting and unusual my thoughts became.
Maybe there is another who sees life not as a flickering candle but as a torch that can illuminate an undiscovered world.
There will always be those who feel more comfortable not venturing from the warmth of the hearth, but there are those who prefer to look out the window and wonder what is beyond the horizon.
I will go forth as a real outlaw," he said, "and as men do robbery on the highway I will do right on the highway; and it will be counted a wilder crime.
Give to the world the best you have and the best will come back to you.
... and her name was Freedom.
In my fantasies, I was always caught up in heroic struggles, and I saw myself saving lives, sacrificing myself for others. I had far loftier ambitions than mere romance.
Others found the implication odd that they could live their way forever- working and drinking and watching TV- and why they would want to.
Every experience is enduring adventure.
Whoever risks, shall know how far they can reach.
The real adventure is the reality of Life.
Enjoy the adventure of existence.
You never know what you can do until you try, and oh the things you discover on the other side of that curtain. The treasures that await are beyond any simple measure. Just put one foot in front of the other, close your eyes, and pull the cloth back. Once you do, you will be amazed!
Adversity is mountain in adventure
The sea is dangerous and its storms terrible, but these obstacles have never been sufficient reason to remain ashore... Unlike the mediocre, intrepid spirits seek victory over those things that seem impossible... It is with an iron will that they embark on the most daring of all endeavors... to meet the shadowy future without fear and conquer the unknown.
When you fear nothing, you have nothing to fear
Life is a beautiful adventure.
You can conquer fear with faith.
Don't complain that your life is boring. It is because you never did anything exciting.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature nor do the children of men as a whole experience it.
It is the adventure and uncertainties of the journey that makes life so beautiful and interesting.
If I let a gust of wind or a sprinkling of rain turn me aside from the easy tasks, what preparation would such sloth be for the future I propose myself?
How many miles to Babylon?Three score and ten!Can I get there by candle light?Yes, and back again?
How many miles to Babylon?Three score and ten!Can I get there by candle light?Yes, and back again!
Before I knew it, I was once again being whisked down the hallways at the new hospital into an even bigger room, one that, unbeknownst to me, would be my home for what would feel like a long, long time.
A blur. That's what it felt like to me
All of a sudden, my right hand was dead, unplugged, and my left was definitely not working right.
...if you plan everything out completely from beginning to end, you destroy your chance for adventure.
An adventurous life does not necessarily mean climbing mountains, swimming with sharks, or jumping off cliffs. It means risking yourself by leaving a little piece of you behind in all those you meet along the way.
I kept getting the odd sensation that I was in fact perfectly stationary, and that I was pushing the world around under my feet.
What is a miracle if not the manifestation of light where darkness is expected?
Adventure, opportunity and reward extend beyond our field of vision, and are made known to us only when we test our wings.
You boys going to get somewhere, or just going?" We didn't understand his question, and it was a damned good question.
There is no adventure without risk, and no exhilaration like adventure.
There are people who prefer to say 'yes' and there are people who prefer to say 'no'. Those who say 'yes' are rewarded by the adventures they have. Those who say 'no' are rewarded by the safety they attain.
Daddy was always searching for new adventure--always looking for a revelation. He used to say 'If you climb every mountain and walk into every valley, one day you'll surprise the Great Creator at his work.
No real adventure ever started by waiting patiently by a doorstep.
Wherever you go, find your adventure by looking for the unknown - there you might find yourself.
If we try to resolve terrorism with military might and nothing else, then we will be no safer than we were before 9/11. If we truly want a legacy of peace for our children, we need to understand that this is a war that will ultimately be won with books, not with bombs.
The first time you share tea with a Balti, you are a stranger. The second time you take tea, you are an honored guest. The third time you share a cup of tea, you become family, and for our family, we are prepared to do anything, even die.
Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.
Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body. But rather, to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming .... WoW, what a ride.
It was definitely a new way of life for people who had become so used to being entertained by televisions, computers and technology." -from Day After Disaster
Every day is a new adventure so embrace it fully with with your whole heart and soul.
I want to be humbled. I want to meet people more messed up than I am. I want to get lost and come out the other end having no idea who I am.
And who is to say the truth can't be a miracle?
... But if I spend [all] my time *reading* about adventures, I won't actually be *having* them.
And to those who believe that adventures are i say try routine: it kills you far more quickly.
If you've ever been hungry, you can never be full.
Beavers give a dam
Books pull you to other worlds ... let them, and enjoy the adventure.
Neither man nor any animal can enjoy life to the full without taking some risks to life or limb.
There is a loveliness to life that does not fade. Even in the terrors of the night, there is a tendency toward grace that does not fail us. 
Without grace, there is no gratitude.
Grace is the fruit of gratitude.
Only grace makes it possible to do the good we must do.
May all humankind find the grace of goodwill.
At end of Life, you realize life is enough.
Grace is goodness.
Life is enough grace.
Grace is as good as gold.
Goodness is grace.
The will is the grace to win the battle of life.
Grace is root of a good life.
With grace and gratitude, life is filled with endless gladness.
The living and dead world are separated by breath.
Sometimes, the most graceful way to handle something is to be decidedly ungraceful.
Endure graciously the difficult times.
Be grateful for the twists in the road. They teach us humility and grace. And any dancer in this life requires both
People helping people, builds stronger communities
Petals don't ask Where to landThey just fall With grace.
And how long will your fingers be so tangled in the law that you can't live out of My grace?
True class can never receive the highest grade..for its grade is endless
I am not interested in having the world revolve around me; that's too boring of an idea. I would rather revolve around the world and try to leave my fingerprints, everywhere. My fingerprints mingled in with all the other fingerprints and all the laughter and all the beautiful things like gratitude, grace, faithfulness and flowers.
Let today be the day you learn the grace of letting go and the power of moving on.
Fate is nothing but the deeds committed in a prior state of existence.
Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged.
We start each day with a blank sheet of paper in front of us, and what we write on it is up to us.
Whenever you are given two choices, look out for the third option.
Sorrow and self-pity consume enormous quantities of energy. If you only can desist from feeling victimized by fate and look for a new solution instead, not only would you conserve old energies but at the same time also feel the surge of the new. New hope is kindled in the process.
[That] was the cruelty of fate, whether you were dying at sea or simply trying to get through high school. Sometimes fate kissed you. Sometimes it snubbed you. Sometimes it passed you a love note, and that note was a lie.
If luck wouldn't find him, he would do his best to make his own.
No one should know his entire fate. It's too dangerous and too depressing. Just keep going, do your best, and hope it's good enough. That's all any of us can do.
There are no such things as accidents. Only fate redesigned.
I can control my destiny, but not my fate. Destiny means there are opportunities to turn right or left, but fate is a one-way street. I believe we all have the choice as to whether we fulfill our destiny, but our fate is sealed.
The act of living one's own destiny includes a series of stages that are far beyond our understanding, whose objective is always to... make us learn the lessons necessary to fulfill our own destiny.
When dreams come true, you won't realize unless they were dreams of bad fate.
The boy was beginning to understand that intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of life, where the histories of all people are connected, and we are able to know everything, because it's all written there.
Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But sometimes when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.
I was told that there was nothing for me but to come here. But, as with life itself, it may not be our choice to come, but it is our choice to leave.
Don't ever say you are sorry for "being caught in the moment". Because, at that moment, that is EXACTLY where you wanted to be.
It is not our part to master all the tides of the world, but to do what is in us for the succour of those years wherein we are set, uprooting the evil in the fields that we know, so that those who live after may have clean earth to till. What weather they shall have is not ours to rule.
But see you, we should travel by night. Dark times for dark business, as they says. No sun to bother Valeriana or you, Kaylana's surely no' disadvantaged, and I know I work better in darkness. Anybody looking for us will have a harder time of it. Besides, marching in daylight is for the heroes. If we're going to do this, we may as well go all out.
The sole social evil is darkness; humanity is identity, for all men are made of the same clay.
Do not be devilish.
Reject evil. Choose the good.
Don't make a deal with the devil.
If we read the scriptures, we shall escape the evils of sin.
You must be a light unto yourself.
Knowledge is power, power corrupts. Study hard, be evil.
Just as good and virtue, sin and evil can only be given in vigil. Who sleeps, sleeps; for the asleep there is no sin, just as there is no good, nor virtue. There is only sleep.
Evil isn't born...Neither is purity. Because even as newborns, there is something wrong inside of all of us bound to spring up and activate itself within us.
Men who have nothing to lose never give a thought for eternal life.
The root of humanly caused evil is not man's animal nature, not territorial aggression, or innate selfishness, but our need to gain self-esteem, deny our mortality, and achieve a heroic self-image. Our desire for the best is the cause of the worst.
You are my heart now. Whatever happens to you happens to me.
There was too much between them to think of any type of future. Yet, with him standing in front of her, she wanted to think of the future. Wanted him to wrap his arms round her. Kiss her. Tell her it would be all right.
You make it sound so simple.It is, for the most part. Love is complicated, it can be downright ugly, but with the two of you it can be nothing but beautiful in the end.
In the end, everything happens for a reason. Paths are meant to be crossed for a higher purpose than what we realize at the moment. Life for everyone goes on. This is just a fork in the road that has taken me for a slight detour. Tomorrow I'll pick up a new map and set my sights on a new direction.
We can't predict what's going to happen, but having love is worth the risk.
How can I expect to get anything done around here with you touching me like that?
Moments of splendor and moments of gloom - they help maintain life's balance. One thought is key: they all pass...
Awareness is not an idea about awareness, as it is not thought at all. Awareness allows you to feel life as it's happening, as it is in perception that consciousness and all spiritual qualities are manifest.
Give yourself permission to enjoy this present moment. Resist the urge to fill it with I need to's, I shoulds, I coulds. Trying to fill all your present moments is impeding the natural flow of life.
What you resist, persists....Let go and your life will flow.
When we're consciously aware, we receive the messages the universe sends to answer us through intuition that could be easily missed if we weren't living in the moment. These messages will guide us to our true path.
Take your life out of high gear and disengage the autopilot mode. Try living mindfully and avoid the pattern of living in a reactive manner.
Meditation brings Nirvana, and Nirvana brings Buddhahood.
Passion Has No Paperwork
Consciousness blooms with the expansion of the heart.
The odds are stacked against you until you realize: You make the odds.
Get to know the master within you. Fall at the feet of your Self.
Through you, I see me. Through me, I see you.
You being in your flow helps the rest of us fall into ours.
We are the guardians of our beings.
Could you imagine a windstorm without the rustling of the leaves? You are made of the same stuff as the leaves-and the wind. You are meant to be rustled and sung.
When your chair is positioned facing the wall, you see the wall. When it is positioned facing the sea, you see the sea. The same is true for us. Perspective is everything. Align with the divine.
Know this: If you are afraid of starting over, it means you have not yet begun.
Awareness is a flashlight that gives us a choice.
All of life is a ceremony where we get to know and explore our wholeness.
The best thing you can do in this life is share your open heart with the world.
The truth of who we are dissolves the illusions when they arise, simply by us not buying into them anymore. By realizing they were counterfeit bliss. By and by, oneness dissolves what was once separation.
We cannot see the beauty of life with our eyes closed. Only when we cry with our eyes open can we begin to shed tears of joy.
An act of mastery is mastery itself.
Celebration is the sparkle in the eye of the one who glows. It is the song that plays in the house of freedom. Celebration is the dance of life, it's the one dancing to the drumbeat of the heart, it's your birthday cake, it's you blowing out the trick candles, it's you delighting in the fire of life.
Shadows can only exist where there is light.
The most important truth we tell is the truth we tell ourselves.
Media is Munchausen by proxy.
Technology offers great communication tools. Social media helps make connections. And, heart to heart conversations take place face to face and not over email, Whatsup, Facebook or Twitter. Don't be deceived.
Some say that "there is no such thing as free lunch". And, I ask, why not? The joy of giving without expecting anything in return from a particular source is simply magic.
I want you to smile. I want you to truly smile today.Realize that right now you are where you need to be. And, there is no need to rush. You are on-time, you always have been and you will always be. Please keep smiling.
Find the joy in your everyday situations. You have the choice, you always did and you will always do. Thrive.
We get attached to people, a job, material things and a certain state of being. And, when something around us changes we suffer.Release the need to control people, release the believe there is only one job you can do, release the need to accumulate material things, welcome the unknown and set yourself free.
Life can be like a roller coaster with its ups and downs. What matters is whether you are keeping your eyes open or closed during the ride and who is next to you.
Silence nurtures the soul, relaxes the body temple and gives us the strength we need in moments of uncertainty. Welcome it.
Whatever is what you are creating is what creates you.
I do not know about you. But, I prefer a life spent making mistakes than a life making none.
You can trust your gut instinct. Always.
Remember to forget yourself
Your Real Self is the permanent atom of your identity, the rock of ages that remains unmoved by the restless tides of life.
When one loves knowingly, when one loves consciously, with full knowledge, with full understanding, the delights of a person in love are nothing in comparison with the delights of love that sprouts only from the spirit.
It is time for us to open our eyes. It is time for us to awaken to new possibilities and make them real. It is time for us to awaken our dormant spirituality-first as individuals, then as whole nations, and finally as the whole of humanity-and raise up our collective consciousness.-Healing Society: A Prescription for Global Enlightenment
Listen to your body. The quality of your communication matters.
Our universe was created to perpetuate creation, it was not created to perpetuate consumption.
Only two things in man's consciousness defy discussion: faith and one's marriage.
Faith is one of only two things in mankind's consciousness that defies discussion. The other is one's marriage.
He was following the Earth through its days, drifting with the rhythms of its myriad pulses, seeping through the webs of its life, swelling with its tides, turning with its weight.
Peace of mind arrives the moment you come to peace with the contents of your mind.
It is not what we know that scares us, it is what we do not
Never forget that time is the most valuable thing we can spend, so don't throw it away!
No child should have to see all that I have seen
This isn't how things were supposed to happen. I was supposed to be me. Not this.
Be dangerous, darling, for the whole world rises and falls at your feet.
Love is always worth the risks, even when, especially when, it scares you.
A moment of silence settled over all of them. Then Velva broke it. We are the hunter and the haunter, the haunted and hunted..But for what purpose? asked Sir Sun.It is all for the same purpose, Timothy. The empty that wish to be full.
Revenge: it's a dream of flames fueled by scorched remains that are lit to a torch and brought back upon the one who burned you.
Sometimes you can lock the doors and close the blinds, but the monsters are still there inside your house, sleeping and breathing and just waiting to wake up and terrorize you all over again.
Language is a city to the building of which every human being brought a stone.
To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterly impossible; yet a curiosity to penetrate the mysteries of these awful regions predominates even over my despair, and will reconcile me to the most hideous aspect of death.
Sparks are warm while they last.
You don't have to own something for it to be you. Haven't you ever gone into a gallery and seen a painting and said 'that's me'. Or had a piece of music capture something deep down you didn't even know was there? You realize it's always been part of youl you've just never heard it before.
Don't condemn what you can't comprehend
Listening with the focus of actually understanding what the other person is trying to communicate is priceless, a talent that everyone possesses but not something that is practiced enough.
Disappointment resides in expectation. Showing a little regard creates consideration, which results in understanding. Steps to a peace of mind.
Knowledge evolves, understanding matures and wisdom progresses. Don't be so hung up on what you think you know.
Knowing is never the same with understanding.
Knowledge evolves, understanding matures & wisdom progresses.
The term I despise most is motivation. Motivation is an unreliable tease and isn't worth your time. Motivation is fleeting, DISCIPLINE is reliable. Cultivate DISCIPLINE and FORCE yourself to do things to better yourself. It isn't about keeping yourself motivated, it's about how to train yourself to work without it.
I ain't got no Visa, I ain't got no Red American Express, We can't go nowhere exotic, It don't matter 'cause I'm decent and Loyal.
It is a joy to share good advice. It takes a grateful ear to listen wisely. It's always up for us to take the right action and fulfilling path that can truly serve for what is the best.
Culture makes people understand each other better. And if they understand each other better in their soul, it is easier to overcome the economic and political barriers. But first they have to understand that their neighbour is, in the end, just like them, with the same problems, the same questions.
Satan does not care what you know. He only fears what you understand and apply. In fact, his assignment is to hinder your understanding.
There's a difference between being in love and thinking you're in love. Real love is unconditional. If Eva truly loved me, she wouldn't try to make me love her. She would accept how I feel, without the catch.
The less people know, the more they talk. The less people understand, the more they try to explain.
When you pray and hope for a change. Don't expect a change to come. Expect the opportunity for a change to come.
She stole my dreams. I wanted to show her I can survive and now that won't happen
Stop worrying about being that perfect person because no one is perfect. Put your focus on being that right person that will love, understand, and care for that other.
In our evolution language has been the greatest single contribution to our understanding and misunderstanding
There are always possibilities.
We thought we were the only thinking beings in the universe, until we met you, but never did we dream that thought could arise from the lonely animals who cannot dream each other's dreams.
If poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world, science fiction writers are its court jesters. We are Wise Fools who can leap, caper, utter prophecies, and scratch ourselves in public. We can play with Big Ideas because the garish motley of our pulp origins make us seem harmless.
Shadows and light deceived us, but sounds we followed true.
So many people want to, they need to villainize others. They need a clear bad guy who suffers the consequences of violating their morality. But isn't this the essence of intolerance?
Daniel, I was asked of a budding author, how do you know if your story is on track? My answer: I start by knowing my intention, my target. Then, with purpose, I write the scene that unfolds before me, as faithfully as is human. - Daniel LaMonte
I realized that the job of a hero is not to save the galaxy, or rescue princesses, or slay all the dragons. That may be part of it, but in the end, a hero only has one job, and that's to make himself unnecessary.
These guys are tough, this world is crazy and the wind here is crazy strong! However if I want a normal life for once I have to try harder! Angel - From Revenge of the Gloobas. Coming soon!
When it becomes acceptable to kill another man or woman, childhood dies. whispered Laurence. When it becomes acceptable to kill a child.humanity dies.
There's no set future, only the one we make.
Thus and thus is the world. Seeing the depth, we shall see also the height, and praise both.
Survival is insufficient
I think it's important to remember that writers do not have a monopoly of wisdom on their books. They can be wrong about their own books, they can often learn about their own books
Steampunk is Victorian science fiction
If we accept the premise that we're always wrong, it really removes the incentive to spend a lot of time trying to make good guesses because even the good guesses turn out to be wrong. So, make plausible guesses. and tell a good story.
Unfettered is an anthology filled with magic, wonderment, and hope. It is more than it's combined stories, though. It is the power of friendship. Of giving. Of a science-fiction and fantasy community that protects its own. Of humanity escaping the ugliness that often plagues it to instead create a testament to the goodness found in every heart.
...hence the very best science fiction ultimately winds up being a collaboration between author and reader, in which both create - and enjoy it; joy is the essential and final ingredient of science fiction, the joy of discovery of newness
I didn't wait for Luck. I raced after it with a truck.
I didn't wait for Luck. I tore after it with a truck.
Tomorrow morning, he decided, I'll begin clearing away the sand of fifty thousand centuries for my first vegetable garden. That's the initial step.
Miracles don't happen. You make them happen. They're not wishes or dreams or candles on a cake. They're not impossible. Reality is real. It's totally and completely under my control.
Why do I always listen to your insane plans? Why aren't we at home watching TV like everyone else? What possible difference will any of this make?
There's no time like the present to love deeply, claim our power and live our purpose!
An action, to have moral worth, must be done from duty.
There are consequence every action, whether evil or good.
Our fatal mistake is waiting to be motivated before we take action. Action motivates.
Manifestation without action is only a wish.
Ask yourself the question: If I don't do it, who will? If you find the answer is no one will do it, then do it yourself.
What I love is the span between 'Action' and 'Cut'. What I do in that span is what I love about my job".
If you want to see what your truly committed to, look at your results.
Our audacity must be rooted in our humility.
Every thought precedes an action.
An action made by a unwitting man, shall not define, nor justify a common though and interpretation.
Happiness is the fragrance, not the fruit of an action.
Not the action, but the expectation creates results.
Are you waiting for the approval of someone else before you make your big move? If you are, chances are they've already made it.
A leader first tries to listen, then tries to understand, then creates a common vision and then together takes action for the realization.
A purpose directed disciplined action always bring success.
Difference between a successful and an unsuccessful person is not the action but the vision.
Happiness does not depend on a possession. Happiness depends on action and perception.
Happiness comes from action, not from reaction. It is a feeling, not the success, but the perception.
When you take an action with love, there is always happiness.
When you take an action to improve humanity, you are happy.
Yeast is to flour as action is to ambition. Rising to success requires adding and alternating starters.
Action is the means through which the intangible becomes tangible.
Everyday, in our quest to grab the new, the trendy, the coolest stuff, we forget to use the old and our daily lives become stuck in the vicious cycle, chasing after stuff without working the old. Today, pause, slow down, take time, revisit those lessons, materials and take the necessary baby-steps. It pays. Go, make it happen!
Stay committed to staying focused and take action that is in line with what you want.
There is no limit to the heights we can reach if we take action by faith.
Theories might inspire you, but experiments will advance you.
Your right actions might hurt someone, so if required apologize for your right actions, but don't stop taking right actions.
By doing ordinary actions efficiently you will become the best among ordinary, but you will not be an extraordinary.
My action is my prayer.
Taking action is the best source of inspiration.
You have gone through enough theory, now it's time to take actions.
I take my actions because of my passion not because of compulsion.
The most time consuming process in the world is probably "thinking".
I have only a second rate brain, but I think I have a capacity for action.
You were never born with a silver spoon in your mouth. Don't think that way. You were born with a diamond spoon in your palm. Carry it by your own hand. Now, feed yourself
We've got to make change our national pastime and hold protests more regularly than weekend parties.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.
They say that rape is the only crime in which the victim has to prove her innocence. And I want you to know, I believe in your innocence. You don't have to prove anything to me.
This is not the time to be passive. This is the time to shape, sculpt, paint, participate. the time to get sweaty, to get dirty, to fall in love, to forgive, to forget, to hug, to kiss. this is the time to experience, participate and live your life as a verb.
Sickness awakens sadness sleeps- Moments of aloneness results into peace.
Darkness all around, smoke in between my fingers, all you have given me dear, sorrow and sadness to sing here.
I am nobody, even if I say I am this or that.
How can I wear the harness of toilAnd sweat at the daily round,While in my soul foreverThe drums of Pictdom sound?
Bob's Words:Nobody knows what tomorrow bringsBy loving, giving, caringAnd sharing todayLets one know that if tomorrowDoes not comeToday is a good day to be the last
Gloomy roomimmersed in a scentof modern cowardsfilled withshapeless creaturessitting in silencebecause they havenothing to sayFake plastic faceswith a grimaceof disappointmentpainted on themAre we stuck on holdexpecting our turnin a waiting roomof so-calledlost generation?
Life doesn't stop. It doesn't stop progressing forward and it never stops trying to bring you to your knees. It will test your strengths and exploit your weakness, and I'm not sure that is always such a bad thing.
If there is no perfection of a work , be sure the perfection of a plan.
Once more into the fray...Into the last good fight I'll ever know.Live and die on this day...Live and die on this day...
I only ever wanted to feel more human.
Blinking, twinkling, burning brightAre all the stars that light the night.Dippers, Ursa's and Orion too,But don't forget the star in you.
Some of us die long before our last breath. We perish in the fire of love, reduced to ashes in the consuming blaze. No, we do not die when our hearts cease to beat, but when they start beating the first timefor someone else.
Language is rich, and malleable. It is a living, vibrant material, and every part of a poem works in conjunction with every other part - the content, the place, the diction, the rhythm, the tone-as well as the very sliding, floating, thumping, rapping sounds of it.
Imperfection is my ticket, perfection is my pursuit
A good poem has rhyming but no ending, it continues to rhyme in our heart.
But how wonderful when the tale is told,And the message that is meant for usOpens like the scents of a mountain flower!
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
NowNow is the time.Now is the time - Make a changeNow is the time - All is strangeNow is the time - Start life anewNow is the time - Cannot stewHeartbreak, loss, pain, and challenges paleNow is the time - Sharp as a nailNow is the time - Take a chanceNow is the time - Sing and danceNow is the time - Make a changeNow is the time - engageNow is the time.
The greatest relationships are those in which love is not treated as a noun, but as a verb; with romance not viewed as a burden, but lived as a poem.
True beauty lies not upon gilded veneers,But found in the soul within.
Yet, beauty cannot be forgotten,Eternal Wisdom can never die ...
She had blue skin. And so did he. He kept it hid, And so did she. They searched for blue Their whole life through, Then passed right by - And never knew.
Random thoughts that fly away. Where words has no place to stay. Let it be right where they are. Let the work of art preserve its life.
Secure in his flightRider on the constant windsHawk flies through his daysLooks then to the eastPrompted by fate's gentle breezeChanges his intentFate's gentle breezesMove the mighty heart to changeDestiny remade
Every man has his folly, but the greatest folly of all, in my view, is not to have one.
You gotta be in the NOW to create and experience the WOW!
The hardest thing about adolescence is that everything seems too big. There's no way to get context or perspective, ..... Pain and joy without limits. No one can live like that forever, so experience finally comes to our rescue. We come to know what we can endure, and also that nothing endures.
Wouldn't it be better to die doing something interesting than to drop dead in an office and the last thing you see is someone you don't like?
Experience all things.
When you have no preconceived notion of what you are good at, you are open to life's many possibilities.
Dharma is something that one discovers because one cannot create something that is already there.
These were formative years for me, and many of these experiences have had a profound effect on my life.
What we are at this very moment, is determined by the sum total of all our experiences till this moment.
Time may be defined as " dimension governed by activity." Dimension diminishes with inactivity so does the value of time.
Poverty is often equated with liability. How cruel this world is?
It is hard to take the last step, but the hardest thing is to make a choice between the unwillingness to live and the inability to die.
They always act this way: push those who are falling.
Hope, tell me how could it be possible that grief and happiness are scattered all over the world so unevenly? Why do some people get all the troubles and misfortunes while the others are intoxicated with the abundance of material belongings, fat bellies and money? Why is there such injustice? Or, maybe, we are mistaken it's unfair!?
Is it so hard to offer your help and sympathy to somebody in grief? It takes a little to make one step, but, in an inexplicable manner, it stretches into thousands of kilometers. All of us are full of empathy and consolation but always prefer to express it from a distance.
People! Please. Listen. Our life, our bodies are the most authentic clinical record ever! Why do you have to ask for any other one, alien, fake, distorted by illegible handwriting belonging to someone who has never been us and has never tried to understand us? Do you think that is right?
Maybe the consequences of someone's unreason can be remedied only with a new unreason?
It always turns out this way: at first people idolize you, swear to be your faithful friend forever and then spit in your tea and in your soul, too.
I think everything's beautiful that is done through human's heart and soul, that makes one's inner world visible, that gives a chance to look at oneself from outside - everything is beautiful, even us.
We always humble ourselves before bastards - it has already become a tradition.
Sometimes it feels like you and I are at the movie theater, sitting next to each other and watching the same movie. People say something, argue incessantly, even fight, but this is all somewhere far away, on the other side of the screen, and we are just passive onlookers unable to affect the course of events.
At times it is so enjoyable to mire your neighbor into the filth you already got stuck in long ago!
It is worthy of note that killing oneself and killing someone is not the same. For the former, one should lose one's faith, for the latter, one should never have any.
All our life we had been dreaming to get through every little hole into this beautiful and unfamiliar world where parents and children love each other not for something but in spite of everything, to plunge into this fairy world entirely, settle down and live there. So why didn't I feel happy when it happened for real?
I should be grateful to the knife that's curing me for being so sharp.
People have no limits either in love or in hatred. But is it their fault? They despise us because they are afraid, for we remind them that getting crippled or sick might happen to anyone; or, perhaps, the true reason of their hatred lies much deeper inside, stemming from the hidden ugliness of their own souls?
Probably, sooner or later every person founds oneself to be needless.
How perfectly evil spirit and beauty can combine in one person, harmonically supplementing each other.
You have always understood and accepted my most genuine, most intimate impulses and responded to them with surprising accuracy. I wish all people turned into such mirrors for each other.
I clearly saw us from outside, like in a picture: we are not people, we are a road sign warning: Stop and thank luck because such fate didn't befall you as befell us, and only then keep going your way.
We all have faced fearful times. But it is better to live with faith than fear.
Is there anything to lose in life? No. The only lost in life is death.
You never know what people have endured to get where they are.
Dreams are born in our heads, but they're forged and perfected in the fire of experience.
Education is not only learning the information, but it is also about gaining experience to unlock the door to wisdom.
The Genesis of life is experience.
Experience is the best school,Failures, Mistakes, Embarrassments, and Heartaches are teaching there,Offering only one lesson called Life,That you could only finish once you're dead!
I can't imagine it's easy to like someone, hate them, and then lose them before any of those feelings are resolved.
Wisdom is the byproduct of lifelong experience and education.
Life is an extraordinary gift some people appear not to appreciate. In every breath and scent, every touch and sight we are gifted by new experience and the chance to feel the richness of experience. Every sound we hear, from the song of a bird to the harshness of an angry voice, is a miracle.
Happiness is not an experience, but the essence of experience.
If we want to go Fast than go Alone but if We want to go Far, lets go Together..adopt the "We" spirit..Life isn't all about "Selfie
The triumph of hope over experience.
Your purpose on earth is to participate in this human experience and to seize the opportunity within each day to reveal the greatest version of yourself.
Strive to follow your big dreams. If you fail, cherish the valuable experience gained during the process. There's always a second time.
...our free will could convert a curse into a blessing or a blessing into a curse...To transform a crisis into an opportunity was true wisdom
I gain with loss. I grow with hurt
Old ones should respect the energy of youths and youths should respect the experience of old ones.
If life is a poem, be the poet. If life is a story, be the author. If life is an adventure, be the hero. To live any other way is a waste of this experience we call life.
Its always hard to find out that a person you once considered a great friend has completely turned their back on you. Life is full of surprises, some good and some bad. From my experience, bumping into bad ones never gets easier, but you learn to expect it, learn from it, and move on. Thats the only thing we can do... is move on.
Experience speaks differently than Knowledge
I am sure my fellow-scientists will agree with me if I say that whatever we were able to achieve in our later years had its origin in the experiences of our youth and in the hopes and wishes which were formed before and during our time as students.
Can you hold happiness? Can you drink it? Can you taste it? Can you touch it? Of course not, it is immaterial. So, stop looking for it in the material world! Happiness is experienced within; when we bridge the gap between what we want to experience and how we choose to behave.
...don't settle for pap - our thoughts wander through eternity - experience the wonder of being alive...
You and I have been created with a DNA that drives us to want to live a life with good experiences, forces us to human growth and leads us to the contribution of something beyond our understanding.
I believe in me. And my family does. And Mrs. V. It's the rest of the world I'm not so sure of.
Life truly is precious. Gather every moment of it into your arms & embrace it.
When a man is in love how can he use old words? Should a woman desiring her lover lie down with grammarians and linguists? I said nothing to the woman I loved but gathered love's adjectives into a suitcase and fled from all languages.
Language is the dress of thought.
. this is my first language. {on Writing}
I was unhappy for a long time, and very lonesome, living with my grandmother. Then it was that books began to happen to me, and I began to believe in nothing but books and the wonderful world in books - where if people suffered, they suffered in beautiful language, not in monosyllables, as we did in Kansas.
Day starting with a smile leads you to that place where even imagination is quite hard. Smile and make your day bright since the beauty of smile is priceless and its a language that all the people around world can understand.
Music is the language of the universe, which everyone, including all animals, can understand.
The difference between a stumbling block and a stepping stone is how high you raise your foot.
Without language, one cannot talk to people and understand them; one cannot share their hopes and apsirations, grasp their history, appreciate their poetry or savour their songs. I again realized that we were not different people with separate languages; we were one people, with different tongues.
The ultimate language of yoga is expressed in doing yoga, a practice that transcends words as we open our lives to living more consciously through the infinite wisdom of the heart.
What we think, we become.
If our minds can hold us back, then they can push us forwards too.
People who don't know the power of their mind shall only have power without power
Innovation lies in a creative mind
With positive mindset you can overcome any madness.
The real problem is not the down time that you experience: it is what you do with it.
Hitting rock bottom is the most precious level of our lives: because then we can choose which foundation to build, direction to take, and mental programs to embrace.
If you are going through hell, why the heck are you stopping to worry?
Do you know great minds enjoy excellence, average minds love mediocrity and small minds adore comfort zones?
I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, than I do in the reality that surrounds me.
Let's make just a few more steps and secure success forever.
It is a State of Mind... and am the president
What mattered was stil there. That was what they all felt, and what surprised them all. What mattered couldnt be shaken.
Sad things happen. They do. But we don't need to live sad forever.
. . . And as fall turned to winter, the Darlington peach trees started dropping their leaves again, gently, like they were letting them go. It wasnt the same as giving them up. It wasnt the same as losing them.
You are all the colours in one, at full brightness.
Sadness flies on the wings of the morning, and out of the heart of darkness comes the light.
And you find some way to surviveAnd you find out you don't have to be happy at all..To be happy you're alive.
The pattern's laid out on the bedWith dozens of colors of threadBut you've got the needleI guess that's the point in the end
Understanding life is like trying to put together a puzzle with pieces that don't fit.
Loneliness is my worst enemy, but in the end he's usually my only real friend.
Later: Woke up at 3:00 am and crept into Davids room. I talked to David about the ghost who came to live in his body, the sad soul who was taken back into the earth.David's trophies are dusty again.
Show me all your sides, dive with me to your deepest points and guide me to your Everest. I'll always adore the way you are yourself, so don't tell me being sad makes me unhappy or love you less.
I can say infinite for you to stay, but sadly it only took one from you to break us away and us separate ways
Against the subtle cries of nature, I found peace. I found home. I found the past and the future strung into a present that demanded to be lived.
To me, I see scars of courage. Inflicting them gave him the strength to survive the pain that's plagued him all his life. I'm grateful to every one of them because he's still here, with me.
Boo and I walked up the steps to the porch. His fingers found the doorknob. He gently released my hand, opened the door, enter inside, and shut the door behind him. I never saw him again.
I know you worry that you experience the world differently than regular people. But.. No two people ever view the world from exactly the same perspective, understand things the same way, human or not. The best... The best... The best we can ever do is try.
Life is brutal that way... the loss of irrecoverable moments amid trivia and distraction.
It was just right to be all by myself. Nobody to bother about.
Be mule-like stubborn about your happy
Some mornings when I wake up, it takes a long time to remember who I am. Like, it takes a while for everything that's happened in last month to download into my brain. It's nice, not knowing. Even if it's just for five minutes.
To be happy, be happy with what you have. To be sad, want what you deserve.
I'm not going to die. Because I'm the one who will protect you!
All the broken hearts in the world still beat
Your this beautiful ship that will sail a long way, and I'd only be your anchor""A ship without an anchor can never be at rest
She leaned against him slightly, and his heart pounded in his chest. He let go of her hand and scooted away a bit. He could not let her like him, he was only her protector, and that's how it would remain.
After a year in therapy, my psychiatrist said to me, 'Maybe life isn't or everyone.
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.This means the when you go to sleep you close your eyes and you are and look like you are dead but then when you wake up it looks like you are reborn because you are up and ready.
There is already enough wars in this world. Love was not meant to be one of them, Save the ammunition.
done coma, walking/talking,art, cookery. scouts then wrote two books, asked for help, gave a book to HRH Princess Anne, tried publisher, got another DEGREE, now Google Gillian Mk2, what else can I do?
I felt significantly insignificant, as if my presence in the world, albeit small, was still necessary.
we are houses eaten by rivers because we do not know their smell.
Two people occupying the same air. Nothing else in common. Just oxygen.
By making sad ones happy, we find our happiness!
...The human mind is a complicated place...We hold on to things, images, words, ideas, histories that we don't even know we're holding on to.
And so you know what I did with those sad things? I put them in boxes. I put the sad things in the boxes in my head, and I closed them up and I put tape on them and I stacked them up in the corner and threw a blanket over them.""Braintape?
I am tired of days that are all the same.
All work and no play will make you sad and grey!
Saying sorry doesn't mean there isn't guilt & forgiving doesn't mean that the pain is gone.
If you had to pack your whole life into a suitcase-not just the practical things, like clothing, but the memories of the people you had lost and the girl you had once been-what would you take?
The children we bring into the world are small replicas of ourselves and our husbands; the pride and joy of grandfathers and grandmothers. We dream of being mothers, and for most of us that dreams are realised naturally. For this is the Miracle of Life.
The heavy soul will not pass though the body is failing.
Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything?
If you can believe in something great, then you can achieve something great.
Nothing is impossible for him who believes.
What you believe in makes you bold.
In life; there are two things you should never believe: the tears of women and the hearts of men, and there are two things you should always believe in life; the hearts of women, and the tears of men.
I believe in miracles.
Believe is the birth of all miracles.
When facts give way to faith, then and only then have you unlock the possibilities within!
When facts give way to faith, then and only then have you unlocked the possibilities within!
Learn, believe and achieve!
One day the people that didn't believe in you,will tell everyone how they met you.
What you believe with your heart will manifest in your life.
I wonder if there are soft-spoken voices who deliver assignments to all of us in various times ... It is nice to think I have company-that others dance to the muted music I hear.
The only way your dream will never come true is if you choose not to listen to it.
you can accomplish more than you think you can. most of your limitations are in your mind.
When you believe in your beauty, only then can everyone see it.
You must see yourself with it before you can have it.It comes down to three questions: 1. Do you believe you can have it? 2. Do you believe you deserve it?3. How bad do you want it?If you believe you can have it, you believe you deserve it, and you want it bad enough; you will envision yourself with it and work to get it!
Live life like there's no tomorrow, and never stop believing in yourself!
It takes courage to live. It takes even more courage to wonder. But it takes the greatest courage of all to believe.
Never stop believing in your dreams or the power within you to make them come true.
Keep working. Keep trying. Keep believing. You still might not make it, but at least you gave it your best shot. If you don't have calluses on your soul, this isn't for you. Take up knitting instead.
Therefore do not deceive yourself! Of all deceivers fear most yourself!
Just take this as a warning. Know that there's always a price for not being yourself.
True joy comes from operating with Inner-directedness and recognizing who you are.
...that which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny. Be it through intention or ignoranve, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves
No one knows a man better than himself.
We are the instruments of genius, yet more the rhythm and less the drum as each expanding beat arises.
The real virtue is not to be free from desires but to be content with what you have.
The first and immediate thing to do when you find yourself stuck in terror is to breathe!
Be careful what you tell yourself, and do not belittle yourself, even in jest. Negative, deprecating self-talk can do significant harm to your self-image.
There is always a worthwhile price for discovery. Discover who you are. Know yourself.
The person you can most easily mislead is yourself.
try not just to become a person of success but rather a person of value.
I used to be mad when they called me crazy, until I realized that in those moment they consider me insane I was following my heart, doing what makes me happy and most of all being myself.so now when I am called crazy I take it as a great compliment because it's a confirmation that I'm living my best life.
Man need discomfort for awaken.
The great thing about falling apart, is that you get to decide how to put yourself back together. Make good choices.
Do not seek to rule any man other than yourself.
If you are loved, that is all you need.
not having a space you can call your own is dangerous. Everyone needs a sanctuary.
You not only have a right to be an individual. You have a responsibility.
Conquering fear didn't mean not being afraid, it meant being afraid of something and doing it anyway. It meant saying no to fear-no you can't rule me, no you can't hold me back, no you can't keep me from the things I want the most.
Bad friends are those who make you cry.Good friends are those who understand why you're crying.Best friends are those who do everything to stop you from crying.
Sometimes we must forge distance to gauge clarity in our vision and perception.
I am openly prideful, secretly judgemental, and cowardly in conflict.
When we acknowledge our greatness and start living it, when we open our hearts to the natural kindness and caring for all beings that resides within us, all these necessary transformations can begin.
While there will always be someone who may dislike you, there are others who will like you for who you are.
Doing something nice for myself is not selfish.
Your actions may not directly define the kind of person you are but the words that come out your mouth surely will.
Everything we encounter can have a positive influence in shaping our life when we adopt a lens of Gratitude.
It is imperative for our mental health that we surround ourselves with like minded people.
Respect the past, and prepare for the future by taking action in the present.
I am fortunate to be a resemblance, rather than a replication of who I was yesterday.
Happiness and achieving our dreams is a matter of believing it is possible and having a positive frame of mind.
Our state of mind, our state of being, and our outlook on life is contagious.
Peacefully and lovingly accepting who we are today requires honestly looking at our past.
The journey of growth, search for the secret has always been within, the simpler we make it, the better it gets.
I don't like and even resist, being broken wide-open. But, when the contents of my unconscious self spill out of me and i sift through all the disowned parts of who i am... it's an uncomfortably enlightening and eye-opening experience. It feels a bit like emotional bloodletting. I guess every now and then, i need that release valve to open all the way...
Modern Education may make one intelligent but not wise. Wisdom comes from character, social consciousness, self awareness, human values, conscience that helps us know what is right and wrong and independent will that helps us to choose right over wrong.
Be your own self. Love what YOU love.
Trusting yourself means living out what you already know to be true.
What if you already are the person you wish you were but you just don't know it yet?
The power we discover inside ourselves as we survive a life-threatening experience can be utilized equally well outside of crisis, too. I am, in every moment, capable of mustering the strength to survive again-or of tapping that strength in other good, productive, healthy ways.
When you are an outcast, even a tossed stone can be cherished.
While there are many that journey who seek, not all that travel will find, for they are bound by what they have been taught and not of what they know.- The Tapestry of Spirit
We build this country ourselves every day and we have to be, in the most positive sense, totally unreal.
The deepest reason why the Church is weak and the world is dying is that there are not enough saints. No, that's not quite honest. The reason is that WE are not saints.
Food is everything we are. It's an extension of nationalist feeling, ethnic feeling, your personal history, your province, your region, your tribe, your grandma. It's inseparable from those from the get-go.
Cultures should not be like water that dissolves them evenly, but like colours that stand out distinctly.
If we are going to live with our deepest differences then we must learn about one another.
In its broad sense, civilization means not only comfort in daily necessities but also the refining of knowledge and the cultivation of virtue so as to elevate human life to a higher plane.
It's the only way anything will change. Because we are both mother and child, cause and effect, villain and victim
So this needs to be said, and so I will try to say it
Often we allow ourselves to be upset by small things we should despise and forget. We lose many irreplaceable hours brooding over grievances that, in a year's time, will be forgotten by us and by everybody. No, let us devote our life to worthwhile actions and feelings, to great thoughts, real affections and enduring undertakings.
When you are angry you will find that you have lost yourself. You have lost yourself to outside forces. Your actions are no longer seeking to benefit your life. You must center yourself, allow yourself to calm down and postpone the making of decisions to a time when you have stabilized.
Spring is coming....Time for some cleaning. Remove all the self-doubt, worry, jealousy, regret, anger, guilt, or any other negative emotions that are holding you back from your happy, fulfilled life.
Close your lips in anger, open in admiration
ANGERSome Dreams Lead In AngerEven The Coolest People Have Their Limits.While In Anger,Your Mouth Works Faster Than MindEvery Level Of Anger Comes With Another Level Of PainSELF MOTIVATIONUnwarp YourselfOpen The Knot in Which You Were Tied YourselfThe Faces That You Wear Aren't You.You Are What You Wish pinched the peak of madness
Guard your heart against anger, bitterness, envy, jealousy..!
Anger is the fuel of resentment which can burn for a lifetime.
For the health of my mind, body, and spirit, I choose to walk with:Gratitude not Envy;Faith not Worry;Confidence not Fear;Kindness not Anger.
Your hate is poison, Vincenzo. It eats you from the inside out. You must find it in your heart to let go. Then, and only then, will you find the peace you seek. Only then will you be forgiven.
Sometimes all we have to do is make the simple choice to stop being angry or fearful in order to discover the infinite wonders of the Universe that await us behind a door we shut long ago.
Anger will always stand in the way of your dreams. Don't let anyone take your dreams.
How do you let go of anger? How do you release a fury you've been standing on for so long, you would stumble were it yanked away?
When a man is at peace he is a man, when angry he is an animal.
Being rude to someone loving all the time can make your loving behavior same as your rude one for that person. So you should not always be rude in small mistakes
If you cannot stop yourself from getting angry, then at least get angry about things that matters.
The major problem of the world is, most of the people are unjustifiably angry and very few are loving.
Anger is the most effective inspiration.
Get over your aggression, as Trees are also part of nature, when you don't cut their branches, people start cutting the whole trees.
Resentment is like a drug. Once you pick it up, it will only get worse and worse until you surrender and do the work to let it go.
The more you face the truth, the angrier you will probably become. You have a right to be angry about being sexually abused. You have a right to be angry with the perpetrator, regardless of who it was, how long ago the sexual abuse occurred, or how much he/she has changed.
No evil being was ever wise: they are all against every wise man's critics.
One can never ask anyone to change a feeling.
It's like an emotional dance party: Some dances will be your favorites -- others more awkward or difficult to learn. Some will be boring or make you mad. some you will wish you never needed to do again. But AHA! You think. I will dance all the dances I can.
You can't run from feelings, Charity. You have to face them. Otherwise your future will look just like your past.
It was a strange, wonderful feeling. To discover eyes upon you when you expected no one to notice you at all.
To improve your looks, to feel powerful and inspire others; just SMILE
The rising strong reckoning has two deceptively simple parts: (1) engaging with our feelings, and (2) getting curious about the story behind the feelings--what emotions we're experiencing and how they are connected to our thoughts and behaviors.
It is important to recognize guilt as the temporary teacher it is.
The problem with feelings is neither that our moods fluctuate nor that our emotions seem to fail us. The greater dilemma is that most have only learned how to dance to one type of feeling.
Follow your heart, includes your responsibilities in everyday life; else heart will have only regrets at the end
The language of the universe comes not from the voice but from the primordial silence. You can understand it by enhancing your feelings.
Feelings have the divine attracting power. Feelings are the only link between you and everything around you.
Like flowers to a bee, feelings are the silent language of the heart.
Greatness in the making feels just like you feel right now. Time will soon tell.
No feeling is wrong. You have the right to your feelings. However, you do not need to wallow in them, and you do not have the right to act them out. The world hasn't suddenly become your punching bag or litter tray.
The interior of the arms dealer's private jet was so ugly it hurt my feelings as well as my eyeballs.
Fear is a perception to dare but not to scare.
I've been accused of being cold, snobbish, distant. Those who know me well know that I'm nothing of the sort. If anything, the opposite is true. But is it too much to ask to want to protect your private life, your inner feelings?
Feelings Are the Compass to Your Soul.
Nothing about you, my dear, has ever been lost on me.
A true hero make people feel like he is part of their family.
Feelings are like blankets, covering you up so you can't see clearly, or like mazes you can too easily get lost inside. I am terrified of getting lost.
Familiarity has a way of filing the sharp edges off our feelings for other people. You'll see.
You care so much for that special person because it feels like that person is part of you.
I love rain. I love the sound of it falling on an umbrella, each drop that hits the cloth a soothing sound. Everything is so fresh and clean. It always feels as if each drop is helping to wash away the hurt, the pain, the dirt that life leaves behind. As if the mere act of it falling can give life a rebirth, a second chance.
I look myself in the mirror and see what I am inside. In a glimpse, I find the perfection in the imperfect evidence of the former existence.Katia M. S.
Take an eye for an eye, turn your heart into stone, this all I have lived for, this all I have known.
Don't let fear outweigh what you feel.
I'm glad I'm feeling this way. I'm really glad."Dr. Keyes looked rather dismayed. "Really, sweetheart?""Yes. And I don't want to let it go. Not yet. I'm just starting to feel it. And it feels...I don't know. Right, I guess. Maybe even...good.
I feel like I've swallowed a cloudy sky
A Man who has never lied to a woman has no respect for her feeling.
Music isn't just heard, it is felt.
Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men."--Charlie Gordan
The eye of a man is never satisfied with what it sees.
What makes you a Man? In My opinion it is the same thing that makes you a woman. It's what makes us all who we are. The capacity to care. If you stop caring, you stop being. The measure of anyone is determined by their capacity to care.
Here is the day for the man, where is the man for the day?
My MOTIVATION was struggling..I got Tired of it!
When you are born as a man, you live as a man. When you born as a woman however, you have two choices; to live like a slave, or as a woman. I love the fact that I was born as a woman because I got to make my choices. Who did you chose to be?
One of the most important things a man must bear in mind is this very thing - that he owes his fellow a transforming encounter.
A man only has the right to look down at another when he helps him to lift himself up.
When a man is pushed, tormented, defeated, he has a chance to learn something.
The greatest riddle of all.... the riddle of man! The complex mystery of the universal human being as he stands wihtin the threshold of universal laws. This is the most fascinating puzzle!
It's nice to have things to look forward to.
Question authority... Then ignore it! 
I do not, in short, myself believe it is in the least bit undignified to confess to having been critically influenced in one's thinking by a teacher, or a faculty, or a book; but the accent these days is so strong on atomistic intellectual independence that to suggest such a thing is, as I have noted, highly inflammatory.
The easiest thing on the life is to make question, but the difficulties one it's to answer it.
When you give suggestion, you become a Guru, you enjoy becoming superior to the poor chap. This makes other feel inferior. And it is against one's ego to feel inferior to someone. This is why a meditator gives suggestion only when it is utmost necessary or the other person specifically seeks his suggestion.
The answer is not relevant to the knowledge of an inquiring mind.
Simplicity is complex. It's never simple to keep things simple. Simple solutions require the most advanced thinking.
.be happy now, not when..
Think deeply about things. Don't just go along because that's the way things are or that's what your friends say. Consider the effects, consider the alternatives, but most importantly, just think.
But thinking never took away tears. Only time did.
For what reasons would you waste your time on earth?
The age measured from the date of birth is just a number, The mental age always makes the difference
You are the embodiment of the information you choose to accept and actupon. To change your circumstances you need to change your thinking andsubsequent actions.
Most of the people will try to prove your right ideas as wrong, so share your ideas carefully or not at all.
Now I know without a shadow of doubt that you can't chase away those images, let alone the visible holes that burrow deep down inside. You can't chase away the reverberations or the memories that stir as night falls or in the early hours. You can't chase away echoing screams, still less echoing silence
Till the time u dont value urslf , the world wont take a step ahead ! Thinking matters !
It doesn't matter what you think, what you believe or what you feel the only thing that ultimately matters is what you do.
Be transparent like glass, be flexible like water, and be attractive like a magnet.
I believe that love is better than hate. And that there is more nobility in building a chicken coop than in destroying a cathedral.
You made them hate me." Said Ender"So? What will you do about it? Crawl in a corner? Start kissing their little backsides so they'll love you again? There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you. I told them you were the best. Now you damn well better be." -Graff
It is easy to hate but divine to love.
Whoever hates, harm.
When someone hates you, send them flowers.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart... If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
We tend to search for happiness and love forgetting that both can be found when we stop searching for sadness and hate.
Bureaucrats and Politicians are different people, work of Bureaucrats makes us hate Politicians.
When you look through the window of hate, you are really looking in the Devil's mirror.
You must thrive to flood the nose and mouth of those who hate you and can't wait to see you fail.
your glory determines your haters
That hate is easy, but sometimes love is easy too.
You might hate a successful person, but you can not hate a true hero.
Trust doesn't need any proof, its always hypothetical.
Life is happy when u make it. Its boring when u hate it
Hatred only tarnishes the soul that carries it.
If you love somebody set them free- it also works equally well if you hate somebody
As long as I know that my motives are good, I'm Seldom very concerned with the opinions of others.-Mandorallen, Baron of Vo Mandor.
Do what is right for the right reasons.
Courage becomes a worthwhile and meaningful virtue when it is regarded not so much as a willingness to die manfully but as a determination to live decently.
Yes, our country has its shortcomings, but there's no moral equivalency between democracy and totalitarianism.There's no moral equivalency between propaganda and the truth.
I know that it is dangerous. I also know that it is right.
If an ordinary man can be tapped to be the Messiah...then perhaps any one of us is capable of bringing about the Redemption.
...the one certain thing in life is that no one can make the truth untrue simply because it hurts.
That's because you're a highly moral person. I'm not. I don't judge, not even myself.
Small streams of hatred can quickly lead to unstoppable, horrific things, so [people] should stand up to any type of persecution or discrimination, whether bullying or malicious gossip.
The real help victims of injustice need is to get the will, skill and resources to fight back. There may or may not be a hell in afterlife but suffering injustice quietly is a sin, punishment for which is a living hell here and now.
All my biggest failures began with the smallest compromises.
Character is how you treat people who can't do anything for you in return.Integrity is how you act when you think nobody is looking.
The Sun would have wasted its life but for the evolution of life on earth. The one who gives should be grateful to the one who receives.
Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room.
When you look back, most days in life seem ordinary, but there are some that change your life forever and remain etched in your memory.
Material possessions do not last, but memories last forever.
Years don't mean anything, only what happens in them.
You can't always keep your loved ones with you. You can't always settle your life in one place. The world was made to change. But as long as you cherish the memories and make new ones along on the way, no matter where you are, you'll always be at home.
It's not our memories but the person we have become because of those past experiences that we should treasure.
Making new good memories -possible,Going back in your good memories -impossible,Do possible and don't think about impossible -happiness.
Always take a picture for everywhere you go; if you don't, then all you just lost was the precious memories and moments
Sometime we must visit old memories to make new ones.
Thinking back to my time with Tad on this lake, I remember it like a painting, a snapshot in my mind. But really, all memories are like paintings: They can be incredibly vivid and lifelike. But in the end, they both just remind us that we only get to live any particular moment once, even if we remember it forever.
People come and go in our life but memories stays for ever.
Sometimes the hardest part of growing it is not the responsabilities you might get, but it is to lose the essence of love , and never find the way back to where it was.
No matter what happens i choose to value the memories of the good times, grow from the lessons of the bad times because i don't regret a single moment of it, every detail made me who i am.
It seems sometimes that we get so caught up in missing the past, or looking forward to the future, that we forget that this, right here and now, was once the days we longed for and will soon be the ones we miss.
You know, memories. They're all I've got.
Good memories are meant to stay in our hearts forever... -Geena L. Davis
The only reality is the now. Why live in the tomorrows and the yesterdays? Live now.
Judge me if you want, but at the end of my life I choose to have memories not regrets.
Reflection is a good thing. It allows us to look back in time so we can connect the dots between specific memories to reveal the purpose and meaning behind synchronistic events.
Humans are animals and like all animals we leave tracks as we walk: signs of passage made in snow, sand, mud, grass, dew, earth or moss.... We easily forget that we are track-markers, through, because most of our journeys now occur on asphalt and concrete--and these are substances not easily impressed.
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
You don't have to change that much for it to make a great deal of difference. A few simple disciplines can have a major impact on how your life works out in the next 90 days, let alone in the next 12 months or the next 3 years.
There are a thousand paths into the future, forks after forks in the road ahead. Who knows, if one road closes, maybe another opens in another universe ... and your soul, your consciousness, leaps over to continue that journey ever forward, always finding the right path.
it takes something more than guts to make a stand for what you know is right. It takes an inner, unbreakable belief of self that cannot be broken, shaken or snapped by anything or anyone. This is what zoomanity despises .
it's a ludicrous concept, zoomanity gives a man a job, gives a man his wages, the man can pay for the things he likes yet he spends almost every minute at work waiting for his day to end. His life is spent as a servant of zoomanity rather than a servant of humanity, eight hours a day dedicated to the thing he hates .
Of course a life of devastation can be re-created into a life of manifestation and wonderment. Zoomanity tells you, when you go through pain ,you must live a life around that story. This is part of their control. You got divorced. so what . You are a wonderful being, the life resurrection is real and possible. Let go of Zoomanity and feel your being
they say 'lifes never fair'. That's a myth from Zoomanity. Life is fair, life is good, we all get the same, its YOU that makes the diference and you only. Blaming life is a myth created by zoomanity so you can unload of your actions onto something else. This creates a passive accepting human - THE ZOOMAN!
If we take the time to silence the chatter in our minds, it gives our heart the opportunity to awaken from its slumber. Peace of mind begins with peace in the heart.
Good does not attract evil but the opposite, it fights to shine light on darkness.
We have the ability to rise up and take control of our lives, if only we stop to pay attention to the warning signs that we so often find ourselves excusing and ignoring.
Our true nature is bliss. That bliss is like the sun that always shines. It remains ever present, but the events in life and clouds of worry and even emotions like happiness may obscure it like storm clouds obscure the sun.
Your heart is the correspondent of your soul. It knows the grooves of joy.
Once you change the way you see the world, you can never go back to not seeing it that way.
She'd hurt him, but she'd attempted everything in her power to make things right. She'd shown him in a thousand ways that she was honorable and strong and generous and very human, maybe even more vividly human than anyone he'd ever known.
We need to take things personally. We need to stop putting profits above people. We need to stop putting greed above need. We need to stop putting the rule of gold above the golden rule. We need to treat people as people and not as problems.
Democracy is probably the only discovery by mankind which mostly brought it only happiness.
Love's core purpose is to always inspire us to become more wholesomely ourselves because of love's experience.
Your ability to show discretion defines your likeliness to contribute to a wholesome performance.
How strange! A dog is more humane than a human is.
To be civilized, really, is to be aware of the others, their hopes, their gladnesses, their illusions about life.
I don't do it for Michael. I do it for them.""Them?""People.""They're broken! Flawed!""Yes, but some of them try to do better. Try to forgive.
One of the greatest gift you can give another human being whi is going through adversity is HOPE.
Pages entertain me more than pictures do.
One is to a human and other is to adopt humanity
One thing I will surely miss is that I couldn't read all the good books in this lifetime.
Any work is always improvable, you cannot really finish the work, you can only abandon it out of tiredness or incompetence.
Beauty is more popular than virtues because it is more visible than virtues.
...that human hunger birthed the Civ'lize, but human hunger killed it too.
Few people when meet first time they feel that meeting each other was the purpose of their life.
Your shyness alone will bring you more emotional and material losses than all of your other negative attributes.
She simply converted an average face into beautiful face and a beautiful face into an angelic face.
The fastest and easiest way to accomplish any task is to do it with minimum breaks and pauses.
Dance was her style, dance was her fashion.
People need appreciation from more persons than they need love from one person.
If you are not satisfied with the things you have got then stop crying and start working and go get those things that will satisfy you.
Consistency simplifies the problem more than hard work of one time because no problem cannot possibly beat you everyday.
With true love you can win one person, with true passion you can win the world.
We don't like security rules and laws, but without them men will be animals, perhaps the most dangerous animals.
There are no boring jobs, only boring men.
You may not appreciate the presence of good health, but you will definitely regret the absence of good health, because health is happiness.
An ordinary man gets arrogant with beauty, conceited with knowledge and ruthless with power.
Eccentricity of a creative mind may not be pleasing for the people around it, but it is important for the progress.
Adversity sure does gives you trouble, but it keeps you humble.
You will have relatively less problems to solve, if you don't confuse problems with inconveniences.
I decided to do the easy task of changing situations and conditions by being a hero, than staying back to do the difficult task of changing people by being just a man.
Accept the ego of extraordinary people as they have achieved something but don't accept the ego of ordinary people.
Youth is the most suitable age to enjoy the life completely or to work diligently for the life, what you decide makes your rest of the life ordinary or legendary respectively.
A certain way to have financial security in life is not enough savings, but enough ability.
You need not to love everyone, but you need to be polite with everyone, people will appreciate your politeness more than your love, because politeness is sweeter than love.
I never encountered any crisis in life, because I solved my problems before they turned into crisis.
Saying "thank you" signifies sense of gratitude, but it also implies your incapability.
Ability and talent never loose the value, because demand for it highly exceeds the supply of it.
Memories make you sentimental, experiences make you smart.
You are human, you will make mistakes, and it's one of the most beautiful things about being human, but you must learn from your mistakes, otherwise your life will have a lot of unnecessary pain.
It is a courage which can find the solution to every problem, not the intelligence.
I agree that sometimes it is difficult to choose between right and wrong, but not between right and stupid.
All the successful personalities had one common element, they all liked reading books.
Just read one book a month and at the end of they year you would be totally different but an impressive personality.
Remember, crowd doesn't care about common sense.
You can survive without artistry, but you cannot live without artistry.
If a person loves you but doesn't respect you then it can not be a real love. It is not possible to love them without respecting them.
Majority wins, but majority is not necessarily right and sometimes majority is awfully wrong.
So many love affairs doesn't survive, because the couple has been very loving to each other but with the time they stop respecting each other.
Show some mercy to your 'time', don't always waste it.
People crave for more respect than love, because they expect love only from few people but they want respect from everyone.
To keep your conscience at peace and your respect at high, don't follow those orders which make no sense.
Hero' is not an official status or designation, but if the world recognize you as a hero, it is the highest honor you will ever receive.
I have been loved enough, now I want to be respected.
If people respect your age and not your personality, then it's time for you to do some urgent introspection.
I want people to respect me and not just my position.
True humanity demands that every human should be loved equally, but if that's not possible for you then at least love whoever you wants to but respect everyone.
Growing age can kill the beauty, not the style.
Rationality and common sense never goes out of fashion.
Heroes are hero no matter if everybody is watching them or nobody watching them.
The position of a hero is not for the comparision, it is a reference point
Your position may be highly powerful, but you will be a hero only when you are highly respected.
Your wishes doesn't come true, because there is someone else who is wishing harder and trying harder for the same wish.
Heroes are the most wanted and most needed people in the world.
Sometimes a hero is unbelievably good for so many but terribly bad for someone else.
Winners of some competition are not heroes, heroes are not found in the competition, heroes win much more severe battles than competition to become heroes.
Leaders console the world with their speeches, heroes console the world with their actions.
If you achieve a success not achieved by anyone else and not possible to achieve by anyone else then you are the hero of your generation.
There will never be complete satisfaction in the life, satisfaction is an illusion, there is only heroism.
If you are the hero of your family, there is very good chance that one day you will be the hero of the world.
There are those who hold first rankers and there are those who are heroes.
Everything is going to be fine now because heroes are here.
People have seen too many common people like them, and they are bored by it. They need heroes.
I was just trying to be a very good human, instead I became a hero.
Dream Lies In Your Eyes.
Heroism of your father doesn't make you a hero, heroism of you doesn't make your son a hero.
Today is my last day as a human, tomorrow I am going to be a hero.
Stretch yourself a bit to know the difference between humans and heroes.
Shutting out all external objects, fixing the vision between the eyebrows, making even the inward and outward breaths, the sage who has controlled the senses, mind and understanding, who is intent upon liberation, who has cast away desire, fear and anger, he is ever freed.
No matter how deep in disgrace, a human being IS human, after all.
Live it well and this life can be grand.
If someone tells you you're not beautiful, turn around and walk away so they canhave a great view of your fabulous ass.
Throughout it all, you are still, always, you: beautiful and bruised, known and unknowable.
She wondered If I had woken up, would I have smelled his sadness, his desperation, and his detachment? His death, her breath. He told her once, she remembers, these two words have no other rhyme but each other. If she could go back, she thinks -- She would open her eyes, instead of her heart.
For the first time maybe ever, it didn't matter if I looked beautiful or not. I felt it.
Before there was an American Story, before Paterson spread before Oscar and Lola like a dream, or the trumpets from the Island of our eviction had even sounded, there was their mother, Hypatia Belicia Cabral: a girl so tall your leg bones ached just looking at her, so dark it was as if the Creatrix had, in her making, blinked.
For it cannot be denied that all over the world and in all ages there are beings who are perceived to be extraordinary, charming, and appealing, and whom many honor as benevolent spirits, because they make one think of a more beautiful, a freer, a more winged life than the one we lead.
A long time ago in a kingdom by the sea there lived a princess as tall and bright as a sunflower.
Everyone in your life is in your life for a reason, it's finding those reasons that make life beautiful.
Maybe life should be about more than just surviving.
Take a deep breath right now.Look at the sky; it's a beautiful night, isn't it?
No matter how much the woman is beautiful, she will lose her womanhood if she is dumb, arrogant or liar.
Whatever you are physically ... male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy -- all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. All those other things, they are the glass that contains the lamp, but you are the light inside." - Jem Carstairs, Clockwork Angel
In an instant, everything in the room came alive. Like the sunshine had a melody and the sounds of footsteps had a texture I could feel in my fingertips each time anyone moved
But even the most bitter fruit can contain something sweet at its core. A taste you would never have encountered if you had not been willing to endure the bitter first.
Those who are truly beautiful go out of their way to make life beautiful for others.
A book is a dream you hold in your hands
To see, feel, and understand the magic of life, always believe that life is beautiful and magical.
A statue is just a statue until someone comes along and says it is beautiful. Then it starts to enjoy the magnificence of life.
The whole purpose of education is to turn green buds into beautiful flowers.
She made broken look beautiful and strong look invincible.
Every morning we begin our new life with new joy. So let it be beautiful.
The pond is clear, but it isn't this beyond the sea blue and has never been. The sky is blue, but it isn't this strikingly bright and vivid nor has it ever been. But together, and in each other's company, they are more beautiful than they could ever have been alone...
At the core of your being, you are spiritual, limitless, and beautiful. To enjoy this you be mindful and openly love yourself.
You are the daughter of your Father, inheritor of the Earth, beautiful and blameless, chosen.
Beautiful. Worthy of the highest love. Powerful and perfect. Beautiful is my daughter.
Even the blind man can see the beauty as it rides upon the sound of a voice, edge itself between the lines on his fingerprints to be spread upon the smooth snippets of life he touches.
It struck him that there is a beautiful symmetry to life.
she will never grow old, her heart is too beautiful.
Beautiful things were sometimes mixed up with treacherous things, they could even happen at the same time, or one could lead to the other, I thought.
I often like to enjoy the beauty of a beautiful book.
Every morning is bright, beautiful, and gorgeous like the sun, but we can't see it because we are blinded by day to day tasks.
There is no style in dieting but we become beautiful when we change our style of living.
Be wonderful! Because you are already beautiful.
Do what is beautiful to make yourself beautiful.
For an optimist life is beautiful, for a pessimist life is beautiful for the fool.
Life is so beautiful, it dazzles my eyes.
Knowledge is beautiful but wisdom is magnificent.
The strongest words can be said in the softest voices and still be resonant.
This is a beautiful morning; the sun is rising with a smiling face. Everything around me is alive and smiling. Everything is whispering in my ear to enjoy every moment and enjoy the morning. My heart is dancing with you, with morning light.
When you are beloved and express gratitude like the fragrance of a beautiful flower, you are happy.
The most beautiful person is a person with kind heart and loving soul.
Always follow your bliss; bliss is heavenly. Life will be divinely beautiful and grow spiritually. Life will be beautiful, peaceful, blissful, and divine.
Happiness is a beautiful smile.
I've spent so much time feeling ugly and being treated as ugly as a result. But I changed my attitude and said, I'm beautiful because I love everybody as much as I can. I'm beautiful because I have wonderful friends. And I'm beautiful because I say I am. I've earned it, and I'm gonna be it.
Incredible. It is just incredible that you can notice something like that when your face is so cold you can't feel it anymore, and you know perfectly well you are surrounded by death, and the only way to stay alive is to endure the howling wind and hold your course. And still the sky is beautiful.
There are exactly as many special occasions in life as we choose to celebrate.
If you look for the beautiful, for a solution, for the positive, then you've won at life.
When I tell you that you're beautiful, I don't just mean your appearance. I mean all of you; who and what you are, is beautiful.
Always think about loyal not for beautiful,about true not for rich,because if you have your loyal and true,you have your beautiful and rich
Anyone who can see will see you beautiful.
A charming girl gets more proposals than a beautiful girl.
Life is so spine chillingly beautiful.
Cause I'll know my weakness, know my voice. And I'll believe in grace and choice. And I know perhaps my heart is farce, But I'll be born without a mask.
Sometimes the most beautiful things are in front of our eyes, and we don't even notice because we're either too busy or too afraid to take a closer look.
Shake those stars from your hair, pretty Moonchild. It's time to dance with the noonday sun!
Allow the beauty of all that we love be reflected in who we are and in our actions.
If it hadn't been what it was, it would've been beautiful.
It's the Joshua tree's struggle that gives it its beauty.
Ladies, most of you have no idea how beautiful you are. Don't let mean words from an insecure soul blind you from the truth of your beauty. You are beautiful by design... just the way you are.
I want something good to die for. . . to make it beautiful to live.
The world is being created and destroyed in this very moment.
My experiences remind me that it's those black clouds that make the blue skies even more beautiful.
Be careful not to mistake insecurity and inadequacy for humility! Humility has nothing to do with the insecure and inadequate! Just like arrogance has nothing to do with greatness!
Those who have the ability to be grateful are the ones who have the ability to achieve greatness.
Every star, turning in the black depth of heaven, burns for no better reason than that humanity raised its face to look. Every great deed needs to be witnessed. Go out there and do something great.
Never mind the rule, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all,' because that's not the route to take. Instead, look into the mirror and say those things to yourself. Then yell those things at yourself. And multiply how much that hurts by 10. And decide, should I still say these things? And walk away.
Greatness in the making feels just like you feel right now
The only quality that distinguishes the greats from the masses, is the unwillingness to give up.
There are thoughts that don't let you sleep in the darkness of nights. Thoughts of life, love, circumstances and dreams. Interestingly, these thoughts don't disappear when you have your eyes opened in the day ahead. Whether you live greatly or not is determined by these thoughts.
Scars can mark you for greatness.
Simplicity and humility are the flowers of greatness.
Great women aren't born great, they become great.
Greatness is the flower of great adversity.
To be great is not a word but work that makes a word.
I am an expert at seeing peoples greatness.
There is a divine grace available for you to accomplish far greater things than you could ever imagine nor dream of.
I can be all that I can be.Endless opportunities, this is my world.
When you hand good people possibility, they do great things.
Ten years from now, no one is going to care how quickly the books came out. The only thing that will matter, the only thing anyone will remember, is how good they were. That's my main concern, and always will be.
The root of all true greatness, is humility.
The only permission, the only validation, and the only opinion that matters in our quest for greatness is our own.
Impossible is nothing.
Use your hater to make you greater!
For something to be great, there has to be some kind of trial or some type of struggle that actually makes it special or valuable to you. Otherwise, anything could be easily taken for granted.
A man becomes Mahadev only when he fights for good.
Greatness is in influence, and not necessarily in affluence. It is not achieved by being a 'paper millionaire', but by being a 'people millionaire'.
I would rather be damned by my honesty, than caged by my lies.
Nothing worth doing is easy," frank said. "Especially not in the beginning. But I'm not about to give up.
The truth is everything in the end. It is the greatest power in the world to make all people equal. If everyone knows what the truth is, no one can use lies to separate those people and turn them against one another.
Honesty: what a refreshing slap in the face it is.
The easy truth is as much a lie as any.
I'd rather die than live without passion.
Honesty and integrity are the yardsticks by which we measure our intrinsic value.
I have learned that if you have something to say, say it regardless, no matter what the outcome is, it will serve you, eventually.
Optimism is like a firefly. A bright blaze of hope, unable to be captured.
What will a man gain by winning the whole world, at the cost of his true self?
A nation that is built on war will forever have conflict.
Lies can't grow. Once plucked they can only wither. But every truth, once planted, grows into a tall, noble tree.
Clare's been called a lot of things- smart and funny, driven and talented- but memorable certainly isn't one of them. The most important things about her- the ones she's most proud of- are apparent only once you get to know her.
Honesty has a power that very few people can handle
But may the truth be told. May the true self may be found. May the truth rule the world more than ever. How easy life will be if everyone is just true to themselves, true to their words, true to their actions and true to life?
Imagine if we had no secrets, no respite from the truth. What if everything was laid bare the moment we introduced ourselves?
An honest man speaks truth, don't expect him to speak sweet.
An honest man is a debtless man, he doesn't owe anyone anything.
Embrace the magical gift of serenity in your daily life. Nothing beats patience, humility, honesty and tranquility.
Life is energy, give others the energy you want to receive from others!
By the river of forgetfulness, I found honesty.
The most precious etchings of caring can be traced not in the scope of its message, but in the integrity of its purpose.
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life . all areas of life.
Honesty will guide you to goodness, and goodness will invite you to heaven.
We're constantly getting these messages to mind our own business and look the other way if we want to be well liked, to not tell the truth or speak our mind or say anything too intense. Well, I'm telling you here that this approach not only makes you party to other people's crimes against themselves but is a prescription for mediocrity and delusion
The less you look to others,the more you find in yourself.What have you found in yourself.
Thinking is contagious . so choose whom you surround yourself with carefully! Or at least take precautions so as not to infect yourself with other people's thinking!
You are having a bad day? Remember it could always be worse... It could be me having a bad day!
Whether you think you can, or think you can't - you're right.
It is better to think of all the beauties of life than to be bitter.
Man can choice what to think of.
Reinforce your positive thoughts and Redirect to the substantial energy of your frustration.
It is through our imperfections that our true beauty shines through.
I am unable to change myself,Can't adopt change so easily.So I just start see things differently
Positive thought + positive action = positive results.
Positive thoughts are mental vitamins.
Stay away from negative people, solution aren't the problem, they hate that, they are the problem.
I am passionate about life.
We only get to receive what we internally give to ourselves through the programming of our internal representations.
Until you try to fly, you will never know how high you can soar.
I do not dream, I simply maintain an ever growing list of things I will do and things that I won't.
Sometimes life's lessons may not be easily labeled; and we may not understand simply because we are too close to the situation (emotionally). Bad things and tragedy strike all around us with no obvious reasons but somewhere in this "the phoenix will rise from the ashes".
You can have all your heart's desires.
You must keep looking on the bright side, because you won't find anything in the dark.
Your thoughts create your world.
Life gets easier when you stop caring and expecting things to get better!
It is easier to hold on to a dream than it is to let it go.
The secret of success is this all-powerful creative energy within, which human beings often sleep over throughout their entire lives.
A certain amount of impatience can be good to do the good works excessive patience delays to do, but sometimes, it is good to have a little amount of patience, for a little amount of patience can be a big antidote to a big woe of impatience
How quickly one accepts the incredible if only one sees it enough!
Fear, ignorance, and hatred - these are the trinity of malice.
Where ignorance prevails, there an opportunity exists but the possessor of ignorance shall always be ignorant of opportunities
If you feel ashamed of ignorance,it's your fault.Try to make yourself acceptable.
Reading is a choice. The will to do depends the reader. We may or may not do it but when we kill reading, we kill a purposeful mind. Reading a page of a purposeful book per day is not only a great medicine to the mind but also a powerful antidote to ignorance and mediocrity
If ignorance is on the march, stand aside and let it pass you by.
we are too busy listening to our thoughts that we don't hear the wonderful sounds surrounding us...
Misunderstanding arising from ignorance breeds fear, and fear remains the greatest enemy of peace.
I can fight with a real problem. But I cannot solve the ignorance. I cannot solve the illusion of your mind.
The burden of knowledge is lighter than the joy of ignorance.
The parent must always self-parent first, self-preach before child-teach, because who can bring peace unless they've held their own peace?
That is the flip side, you see, to laissez-faire parenting. It succeeds or not, throughout the animal kingdom as it does with humans, in direct relationship to the strength of the offspring. Some of us don't need very much. Some of us need a lot.
Every mom has her own battle. Win yours without being 'nyinyir' to others.
Once your baby arrives, the world is no more the same than you are. Because from our very bodies we add to the collective human destiny. Our deepest urge is always toward life, to wholeness and well being.
There is no question that engagement requires sacrifice, but that's what we signed up for when we decided to become parents.
Who you are is enough for me. I look at you and all I see, is the champion I knew you would be.
My father did not teach me how to live. He lived and let me watch him do it.
Once a baby is born, the parents have around one and a half decades to build his or her character and fill the mind with vigour and virtues.
My mom is cool and my mom will treat you right.
This is me telling you, you are amazing and beautiful. You are doing so much right! The children are watching so show them. Show them what it looks like to feel your own worth and celebrate your skills.
The most important gifts we can give our children are confidence in their ability to remake themselves again and again and the tools with which to do that job
We may not have had the same experiences as other parents, but I'm okay with that now.
Do not give up when touching the Door of Awareness, you meet its Mindfulness Magic, but let it open wide giving your family a possibility to Create Reality of Your Dreams.
I am not in the entertainment business. I don't give a damn if it was spectacular or not. I want cause and effect.
I went because the nights are numbered and I do not know the count.
Guilt is unavoidable for mothers.
I believe that many sacrifices need to be made in order to do your best as a parent, but I also believe you don't have to abandon your whole life.
If you can't do what you really want to do, then do the next best thing!
You don't need to be primary caregiver of your children to be of primary influence in their lives. What you do for them behind the scenes in your own unique way is what makes the true difference in the long run.
When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict.
You can't judge your parenting by the choices of your kids.
Listening to our kids with an open heart & mind is the strongest way to build a relationship with them - especially when they're wrong.
We can easily teach our kids hot to be kind, compassionate and respectful when we are kind, compassionate and respectful to them.
Most kids act out because they want your attention. Don't spank your child show them some attention.
Every parent is an artist, but not every artist is apparent.
A small step forward . . .every . . single . . .day. The sun is coming up and I am wondering, 'What wondrous thing shall I witness today?
Adoption is a beautiful, burdensome blessing.
Reflection can be painful, but reflection can also be productive.
Who we are and how we engage with the world are much stronger predictors of how our children will do than what we know about parenting.
Realizing the emptiness of a "spirituality" -- and of a "spiritual" nurture -- that remains in the clouds need not bring us or our children to a dead end. It is a turning point. Now we can begin to deepen our awareness of the genuine spirituality of life's humblest moments.
If our goal is to be tolerant of people who are different than we are, Chase, then we really are aiming quite low. Traffic jams are to be tolerated. People are to be celebrated.
A yummy mummy is a dedicated and loving mom who embodies a healthy lifestyle while retaining a sense of the person she was before having kids.
Instead of treating your child like how you were treated. Treat them with the same love and attention you wanted from your parents while growing up.
Often people ask, "How can you say you're blessed to have a son with Down syndrome?" My outlook on life has forever changed. I see my own challenges differently. He's always showing me that life is so much bigger than self.
My children taught me the true meaning of unconditional love.
Your tongue may speak lies, but your eyes know the truth.
Yes," Elene said, missing or deciding to miss the sarcasm. "Kylar thinks... Kylar fears that he's a man born to be forever alone. He thinks the last couple of months has been him cheating fate. He's not a man born to be alone, Vi, but some lies take a long time to heal.
Lies are like anchovies in a Caesar salad. You may not be able to see them, but your soul knows they are there.
We're all just ingredients. What matters is the grace with which you cook the meal.
I prefer noodles when they're raw, they taste just as good, but reward you with a satisfying crunch...
I would rather spend money on something, that fulfills me for eternity. Rather, than something that fulfills me for only an hour or two.
You see, most people gain weight because they give into cravings. But when you easily (and without feeling like you're depriving yourself) gain control, the extra weight comes off.
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating.
If we could only live on good food like that, he said to her somewhat loudly, we wouldn't have the country full of rotten teeth and rotten guts. Living in a bogswamp, eating cheap food and the streets paved with dust, horsedung and consumptives' spits.
I believe it's a cook's moral obligation to add more butter given the chance.
They were almond cookies, although they could have been made of spinach and shoes for all I cared. I ate eleven of them, right in a row. It is rude to take the last cookie.
Would you pour sand into the gas tank of your car? Of course not, your car was meant to run on good gasoline. Well, your body works the same way. Your body was meant to run on good food: fruits, vegetables, lean protein, and lots of water. Eat good food!
If you are going to go to the trouble of choosing healthy food for your plate, shouldn't you also choose healthy people for your life?
If life gives you the wobbles make jelly.
When words don't come easy, I make do with silence and find something in nothing." ~ Strider Marcus Jones, Poet
Silence fell between them, as tangible as the dark tree shadows that fell across their laps and that now seemed to rest upon them as heavily as though they possessed a measurable weight of their own.
Things always happen as they should and when they should. Our intuition provides us with guidance on our true purpose. These messages come from the heart. We can only hear them when we're silent not through a cluttered mind.
My silence doesn't mean I don't know what goes around me, but what goes around me don't deserve my words.
Sometimes silence can kill that a sword cannot
There's just as much to be heard in silence as there is in a room filled with words.
Silence is golden...but in times of tyranny it is blood red
The act of silence is wisdom for ignoring a provoking situation.
In my silence do I enhance my talents
Most times, the best thing people deserve from us is our silence.speak through silence and it will be more powerful than harsh words
Try to relax. Sometimes the best offense is a good defense.
Do not take someone's silence as his pride,perhaps he is busy fighting with his self
Don't Ignore Silence Cause It Has A Sound. When It Starts Speaking, Its Louder Than Thousand Volcanoes....
Practice silence and you will acquire silent knowledge. In this silent knowledge is a computing system that is far more precise and far more accurate and far more powerful than anything that is contained in the boundaries of rational thought.
I had lots of good intentions but I wasted them on people who didn't deserve them...
Silence explains a lot of things.It tells us why people are who they not supposed to be.It's the fear of being afraid.It's because of their own safety.Sometimes it becomes an unexplainable feeling.It shows the insecureties, acceptation, love and vulnerabilityinside everyone of us.
It is only in alert silence that truth can be.
Silence is peace, silence is quiet, silence is calming, silence is what you can be.
And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Being cheerful keeps you healthy. It is slow death to be gloomy all the time.
Be on guard. Stand firm in the faith. Be courageous. Be strong.
Therefore from one man (Abraham) ... were born as many as the stars of the sky in multitude -- innumerable as the sand which is by the seashore.
In my view, the gospels are true, not historically, but theologically, or, as I would argue, prophetically! What we have is, the Messiah's history written in advance in story form.
Make sure you know the Bible well enough to figure out if what someone says is fact or their own opinions. If you don't it could lead you in the wrong direction.
Whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive. (Matthew 21:22)
My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue [is] the pen of a ready writer.
Half our fears arise from neglect of the Bible.
In life, you have a choice to be better or bitter.
For waters break forth in the wilderness, and streams in the desert; the burning sand shall become a pool, and the thirsty ground springs of water
What a place we find ourselves in now. What a mad and dangerous universe of possibility.
Everything is connected
Don't bore the universe.
I believe in a world where all these things can happen, even if I have to do them myself.
The Universe is made of our thoughts.Our thoughts are infinite.
The universe wants you to succeed. So listen to her deep driving desires and be a great success.
We saw the same sunset.
Stop worrying about approval and appreciation. Enjoy the beauty and effect of contributing to the universe.
The moment you begin your journey, the whole universe begins to enjoy your song.
Education is the light which lets us see the universe in a better way. It often lets us understand her incredible beauty.
I am the universe where I let flowers bloom with the glow of love.
You are that angel of paradise.You are that flower of heaven.This universe was longing for you,with endless love for infinite time.
May living your truth set you free!
Everything is connected to everything else, and nothing is without consequence
I believe in the possible. I believe, small though we are, insignificant though we may be, we can reach a full understanding of the universe. You were right when you said you felt small, looking up at all that up there. We are very, very small, but we are profoundly capable of very, very big things.
Be yourself to find the uniqueness of the universe.
My writings are my letters to the universe, who loved me like a mother.
If a soul is not honoring his or her journey by dimming his or her own light, a Guardian of Light steps forward on behalf of that soul and states, I am going to honor you, for I know you hold immense value in the eyes of the Universe and I can still see your light.
The totally alive, totally conscious, and totally aware Universe takes care of itself completely. It is totally self- reliant and totally self- sufficient. It is perfect.
...look up and see the madnessorganized in the stars.
Time? Time freezesas they gazeinto each other's eyes.No beginning, no end,in sight, a deep vast ocean,a universe is reflected.Like a key to a lock,they are.All the days that have been,all the days to come;they stand in a placebeyondand within it all.
It seems impossible that you could get something from nothing, but the fact that once there was nothing and now there is a universe is evident proof that you can.
You can change your life or not change it. It really doesn't matter in the end.Life as humans live it is too fleeting, too incidental, too minisculefor the universe to keep forever.So just do good to others; be good, allbecause it makes you happy,happy beyond fame, power, andeternity.
Deception can only live in the darkness and shadows. There is no place for it to hide once it is illuminated.
Love is fuel for the soul.
The Universe is the creation of the mind. Universe exists inside the mind as the flower exists inside the seed.
It's such an amazing awakening to realize that nothing in this universe happens TO YOU, 100% happens FOR YOU.
Only me, eh? Is that how you see yourself? Only you is worth a good deal more than you think.
A writer must find his own grain, way, bent. ...He aspires to create new and original works. His way is alone. If he succumbs to ideologies, he turns into a mouthpiece. He must hang on to his identity for dear life. In the end he must rely on his own judgment. It's the only way to survive as a writer and an artist.
Who am I? What is my identity?I am a human being who doesn't want to be identified as an Asian or as an American. I am not brown nor Desi. I want to be identified as a human being who is here to help helpless human beings no matter where they are from and what their race is. I don't see color, I don't see race. I only see human beings.
Through posts and sharing, by exhibiting one's loves and tastes, personal stories, photos, and more, each curates a public image of oneself on the web, to which one then continually strives to conform. Personal identity becomes one's reflection in the others' eyes.
We are not defined by the things we accumulate, but by the memories we impart.
Our choices define who we are when we make them. Therefore,we always have the power to change and choose who we are.
You can waste a perfectly good life trying to meet the standards of someone who thinks you're not good enoughbecause they can't understand who you are.
My identity is not it, which given by the community. my identity is my natural mask.
If I am I because I am I, and you are you because you are you, then I am I and you are you. But if I am I because you are you and you are you because I am I, then I am not I and you are not you!
(...) the woman we love ought to swim as slowly as we do, she ought to have no past of her own to look back on happily. But when the illusion of absolute identity vanishes (the girl looks back happily on her past or swims faster), love becomes a permanent source of the great torment we call litost.
Who thought up the dumb idea to arrange the memoir section in the bookstore by subject?
We do not behave out of our identity, we behave out of our understanding of our identity in Christ.
Just as the sea is an open and ever flowing reality, so should our oceanic identity transcend all forms of insularity, to become one that is openly searching, inventive, and welcoming.
But it is just two lovers, holding hands and in a hurry to reach their car, their locked hands a starfish leaping through the dark.
My soulmate, my heart is with you wherever, I may be.
As her lips changed the geometry,Her smile turned to poetry.
There was no need to analyze the feelings that the people caught in the commission of the amorous act, held for each other, for it was literally written in their hands.
everybody say's that blue eyed is a freak,but i say that my blue is unique!
Weeping is like cleansing your soul. It's liberating and somber.
I knew I loved youwhen 'home' went from being a placeto being a person.
End each day in the arms of the one you love!
When we are down there, if we are parted, come and find me again," said Keedra.
Even if the two lovers are mature and experienced people who know that broken hearts heal in the end and can clearly foresee that, if they once steeled themselves to go through the present agony of parting, they would almost certainly be happier ten years hence than marriage is at all likely to make them - even then, they would not part.
If you can think of your lover in six senses, then I'd say you're nailed. They've got themselves wrapped around your heart. And your cock. (...) Six senses? (...) Sight, sound, taste, scent, touch, and the other, that thing you can't figure out that means everything.
A man does not have to be an angel to be a saint.
You don't have to strive to be right, because you of faith are made right.
You are exactly who you need to be in this moment. Don't begrudge that or justify it.
Feelings harden into beliefs when we allow emotions to become bearers of truth.
Humans as a whole are but an unwholesome hole with a sorry ass. In short, a**holes.
You need to be surrounded by people whose voices echo your soul voice.
Never stop feeling the amazement of partaking in one of the most incredible journeys you will ever walk, the walk of life. " ~ Roy Hale
Your mind is a powerful tool. Learn how to harness this power and your life will be filled with great things.
As conscious awareness awakens to the effects that environments have on the body and on one's emotional life, then there is a prodigious need to create environments that will reduce deleterious effects. "Living Beyond the Five Senses
Happiness is achieved when you stop waiting for your life to begin and start making the most of the moment you are in.
Every person has the choice to contribute to or drain from this world.
The act of seeking is essential to life.
Those in true spiritual authority have neither the desire nor the need to control anyone, either directly or subversively.
It is impossible to be creative if you live in the past or the future. To practice the discipline of keeping our consciousness in present time allows our full ability to manifest all physical matter through the power of thought".
Life is a gift. Treat each moment with anticipation and gratitude.
Don't stop now. Keep going. The next time someone makes you feel though, winning as you are, perhaps you're getting too big for your britches; say to them silently, "i haven't even started yet.
He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate; he who loves finds the gates open.
Those that know, do not need explanations, and those that do not, would not understand any explanations.
I dance to the beat of the earth the memories are the lyrics I write nature leads my soul through this existence I call life.
Those who listen with their hearts will begin to see patterns everywhere.
It wasn't every day that I got to see him, but when I did I knew I was on the right path and that life, while still shifting, was always improving for the better.
You fill a bucket drop by drop. You clear your mind thought by thought. You heal yourself moment by moment. Today I make one drop, clear one thought, and get present to one moment. And then I do it again.
Making peace with one's truth is to live in one's own moment, moving passionately forward in joy.
When we are depleted our giving is empty. Today I take a moment to recharge, fill up with love for my life and all of its character so that I may give from a place of overflowing.
Determination Determines Your Destination
Our eternal spiritual self is more real than anything we perceive in this physical realm, and has a divine connection to the infinite love of the Creator.
Don't Believe Everything You Think!
Our faith is watered and we flourish when we reach out to others in love. We think good times and comfort will make us happy. But history shows that the people who are filled with the most joy and contentment are those who reach out to others-despite tough times
If I had created myself, I would be taller, blond, and more well endowed, financially. I would have cast out spiders and bad-hair days. Therefore, and hence, I believe strongly in a Creator who not only gave me the gift, but the free will to create my own journey through life.
... "You may not see the ocean, but right now we are in the middle of the ocean, and we have to keep swimming.
Living is a risk,' I snapped at him. 'Every decision, every interaction, every step, every time you get out of bed in the morning, you take a risk. To survive is to know you're taking that risk and to not get out of bed clutching illusions of safety.
I'm sorry, but I don't get it. If we're supposed to ignore everything that's wrong with our lives, then I can't see how we'll ever make things right.
Growing old is unavoidable, but never growing up is possible. I believe you can retain certain things from your childhood if you protect them - certain traits, certain places where you don't let the world go.
It's about how you're like a lighthouse, always searching far into the distance. But the thing you're looking for is usually close to you and always has been. That's why you have to look within yourself to find answers instead of searching beyond.
Our bodies need regular washing because we get dirty everyday. But so do our hearts! Because each day, people hurt us, offend us, forget us, snub us, step on us, reject us. But if we choose to forgive everyone everyday, we cleanse our hearts! We wake up the next morning refreshed and pure and lovely!
Don't take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.
Why worry? If you've done the very best you can, worrying won't make it any better
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see further.
Don't lie about it. You made a mistake. Admit it and move on. Just don't do it again. Ever
You need to be able to fill that space on your own, Maddie. You should never have to rely on another person to make you feel whole. That life is dangerous.
Things will be OK in the end. If it's not OK, it's not the end.
I waited for my thighs and butt to uncramp. Of course, they didn't know the loosening rule. They were screaming things like *Are you crazy? Do you know we're thirty-five years old? Sit down and feed us a Twinkie!
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.Remember that there is nothing stable in human affairs, therefore avoid undue elation in prosperity or undue depression in adversity.
Seems like the light at the end of the tunnel may be you.
But one of the big lessons I have learned from my journey is you can't please everyone, so don't try.
She'd decided long ago that life was a long journey. She would be strong and she would be weak, and both would be okay.
 You Got to know when to hold em' , Know when to fold em' , know when to walk away, know when to run. 
Well, then, why should I listen to my heart?""Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet.
A lamb in a city of wolves.
If there's one thing I believe, its that I don't know anything and anything can happen
We're none of us quite so sure of our place in the world that we can't be rocked off our feet by bad times. It's the getting back up again that counts. Not that you fall, but getting back up again counts for more in the long run.
Expect the unexpected, my mother once said. Because the unexpected most certainly will be expecting you.
There is a set of advantages that have to do with material resources, and there is a set that have to do with the absence of material resources- and the reason underdogs win as often as they do is that the latter is sometimes every bit the equal of the former.
Even when you think things can never move forward and you feel so low, there's always a way out.
Never ignore the feelings that don't seem to make sense.
There isn't a soul on the planet who doesn't crave your approval.
Everyone who isn't us is an enemy." - Cersei
The Spartans do not ask how many are the enemy but where are they.
I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even the enemy
Don't wait until there is tragedy in your life. Don't wait until you lose somebody. Don't wait until it's too late. Appreciate the beautiful people that you have in your life now.
By puberty I learned that nothing worth having could be easily attained and to succeed one must be single minded.
And I would try and walk far enough away that people would not assume I was with him.
You can try to please everyone and risk accomplishing nothing, or go for your dreams and risk pissing a few people off.
Survival my only hope. Success my only revenge
Having gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a gift and not deliver it.
Tragedy cannot be the end of our lives. We cannot allow it to control and defeat us.
The fading light is us, and we are, for a moment so brief (...) beautiful.
...you shouldn't hate something you don't know, because it may turn out to be the bearer of your greatest good fortune.
Maturity is for serious people. Let us be immature and have endless fun.
Everyone is beautiful...it just takes the right person to see it
When you're a professional you do your job no matter what gets in the way. You might take a sick day, you might take a personal day, but then you show back up or you won't get paid. Everyone develops his/her own strategy for dealing with days that are not productive.
Don't try to be different, that's not you, but just try to be yourself & that will make all the difference.
Do you know a better time than the present for igniting your dreams?
Action isn't my forte. I'm an expert on contemplation and mild regret.
If you don't keep moving, you'll never get anywhere.
The truth-that love is the highest goal to which man can aspire.
Love for yourself is the key to loving other. Love begins with you
I never meet a ragged boy in the street without feeling that i may owe him a salute, for I know not what possibilities may be buttoned up under his coat.
Not forgiving someone is like not pulling a thorn out of your foot just because you weren't the one to put it there.
I am an imperfect man living in an imperfect world, trying to weave through the chaotic interactions of semi-causal events with linear logic, contradictory emotions, dialectic wisdom, and mortal integrity.
Life is more interesting when you colour outside the lines
A guilty conscience is not worth extra food.
He was realist enough to know he might never find the life partner he longed for, and dreamer enough not to quit looking
Now that you're a Skinny Bitch, don't turn into a skinny bitch. We conceived of the title, Skinny Bitch, to get attention and sell books.... But we are not bitches, and we have no desire to promote bitchiness. There is nothing uglier than a pretty woman who's nasty. If you look great, you should feel good about yourself and be happy.
And if life be, as it surely is, a problem to me, I am no less a problem to life.
It's not important that we agree with each other, only that we understand each other.
that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That's the world's greatest lie.
When you realize that just being yourself is okay, that's when you'll be able to see yourself.
You can count your days or make your days count for something. The choice is yours.
You can never be truly happy in a life unless you have known a sorrow. All terrible things we have gone through in life have created spaces inside us where happiness can live Not to mention love.
Whatever life brings, we'll share," she says, and "I can do no more than the best I can.
I do so hate to be forced to be anything than other than what I am.
Those who don't understand their personal legends will fail to comprehend its teachings.
Don't think about waht other's think of you. Matter of fact don't think at all,just be you. Do what you feel. No one else matters.
Silence does not always imply consent. Sometimes it simply means that the silent one has opted out of a discussion with idiots.
Few people repent at leisure after taking the high road.
Act out being alive, like a play. And after a while, a long while, it will be true.
Not only must the most privileged feel they are brothers and sisters of the most destitute, but the most destitute must feel as well that something within them makes them equal to the greatest sages and geniuses.
Change yourself, and others will follow.
Life's only as bad as you make it out to be. It's go nothing to do with the way it is.
You don't understand the things I do, but I do have my reasons. They're not your reasons, so they're not real to you, but they're real to me, and that's enough.
In a tough situation, don't avoid acting just because it's easier or comfortable. Don't lapse into a passive state. People who give up, die.
If you're too serious to make life a laughing matter, then you seriously need to make laughter matter to you today and every day!
Be an ordinary person with extraordinary heart
A famous author is a promoter who never quit.
The years thunder by.The dreams of youth grow dimwhere they liecaked in dust on the shelves of patience.Before we know it, the tomb is sealed.Where, then lies the answer?In choice.Which shall it be:Bankruptcy of Purseor Bankruptcy of Life?
Blessings can be in disguise, so pay attention!
Knowledge is power, wisdom is power with a purpose.
Appreciate the lessons of the past and enjoy the newness of the future, yet remember the present is today.
It is well with my soul.
I Believe in Miracles and the Power of the Individual to make a positive difference in the world.
And at the start of every new day, I still believed I could choose my own beginning, one that was scrubbed clean of everything past
some of the best music was composed by Beethovan,but he was deaf,some of the best poetry of nature was written by Milton,but he was deaf.possible is always inside the impossible...
Always be straight with flexibility and positive; it is medicine for two, first for your in health and second your wounded enemy.
Inspired To Be The Best
I've decided that I can also touch the hearts of many - dead people, but the living, too. (Cameryn Mahoney)
We always have reason to rejoice and never have reason to complain.
Moderation has never yet engineered an explosion
Let's go on a road trip and like it, not dread it! There are no barriers, there is no fear.
By showing hunger, deprivation, starvation and brutality, as well as endurance and nobility, documentaries inform, prod our memories, even stir us to action. Such films do battle for our very soul.
was i leaving a life that, if snuffed out in a plane crash, would leave a sweet aroma representative of what matters most?
Somebody waits for the time I know will never comeYou get yourself so highThen you come down feeling blueOne day you'll wake up and realize you've had enoughThere's a thousand shining momentsWaiting just to happen to you
You walk through the right way, you will be crowned.You walk through the wrong way, you will be drowned.
This is not the time to panic, this is the time to praise!
I am sailing on a ship bound for life. a line in a song
Write what you want, everything else is gravy
When undesirable and ugly addendum enters a man's life history, it become acceptable as part of the process of growing up.
And she thought if you don't have the desire to fight or wait for something there's no reason for being on earth.
What do angels look like? I saw one today wering gaudy jewelry, spoke with a thick Spanish accent, quoted 'Chakespeare.' She said, 'All the world's a stage and sometimes you just gotta roll with los punches.
I'd rather live life with the consequences of my choice than live with the consequences of fear.
Uncertainty is a temptress. We may try our best to avoid her. But what is certain is that at some point of time, she will find us. The only question that remains is whether like Medusa, she will paralyze you, or whether like one of the nine muses of ancient Greece, she will drive you to greater things.
It's today I must be living.
On rainy days or summer evenings or during long programs designed for adults, we were not allowed to say, "This is boring" or "I'm bored." If she even thought she smelled those words coming, she would quietly remind me that my attitude was what I made of it. If I was bored it was because I was boring.
Things don't make me a person. Character does.
The measure of wealth is the ability to afford ones' mistakes.
It takes great courage when you are suffering to see beyond your suffering to the clear relations between things, to the laws that cause and govern your suffering; it takes great courage to be ruthless with one's griefs.
Your response to adversity is what positions you for promotion
I never wanted to run a company.To me a business is a good vehicle for getting stuff done. Mark Zuckerberg in The Facebook Effect written by David Kirkpatrick
You get used to... what you want to get used to.
The stutter remains something memorable and good. I felt more at ease because of it. We were both somewhat vulnerable and, in our own ways, hesitant.
Beware to entertain strangers, thereby you may entertain an angel unawares...New Testament.
We are all bruised, crushed, or broken at some point, if not yesterday or today then perhaps tomorrow but we pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off and get on with our lives, having gained more strength along the journey, except those, of course, who end up wallowing in their own self-pity!
Sometimes I feel the fear of uncertainty stinging clear.And I, I can't help but ask myself how much I let the fear take the wheel and steer.
IT'S NOT CARDS YOU ARE DEALT, BUT HOW YOU PLAY THE GAME!
If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased
covfefe
We are all brands. Some have been discovered, some aren't.
When you are trying to build a wall, you don't focus on the wall. You focus on laying one brick at a time, perfectly. So in times of doubt, fear and negative thinking, I stop thinking about the overall picture - the big impact - and hone in on laying my own brick for the day perfectly
You can rise above the ashes of your past.
Ah, no, he did not want May to have that kind of innocence, the innocence that seals the mind against imagination and the heart against experience...
Ignoring the question is not the solution of problem,Same as forgetting the sorrow isn't happiness
I didn't know how bad I felt, until I felt good.
The lenses and filters that we see the world through are so firmly attached to our faces that it requires great awareness and then courage to pull the lenses off and look at ourselves and the world around us from any other viewpoint.
what is Thomas didn't run, What if Harry didn't survive, what if Percy didn't fight, what if Tris didn't jump, what if Katniss didn't volunteer, What if Hazel didn't love
Being creative is a beautiful thing. Being creative for other people is work. No one wants to work at being creative.
What did Danton lose his head for, or why was there a Napoleon, if it wasn't to make a nobility of us all?
No human being live a blank life that is thoughtless, therefore you are what you learned on your life time.
Ignorance is the source of all problems you encounting on your life time.
You know your flaws, don't hide them. Embrace them.
Men grew up receiving from their mothers without giving anything in return, and they unconsciously expect the same from their women. Could this unintendedly taught and unknowingly learnt selfishness be responsible for break-ups and divorce? Give at least a promise to your woman and keep it.
Life gives you ups and downs. If you remember only the downs, you are not living your life.
Follow the advice of those that lead by example, instead of those lost in the norms.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting
To be reborned many times over, you must unleash the power of inertia. But must you go out every time and reach for your highest potential?
Had I not gone through my past struggles, I wouldn't be as strong as I am at present.
Some journeys make you realize that you are running for a wrong goal.
When mom died, my old roommate, Jimmy, said that in an alternate dimension, an alternate me might have a worse life.Now that's comforting, said Murphy.
There are two rules for success: 1. Never tell everything you know.
Words lie. Actions can lie too. Consistency speaks the truth.
I declareThat later on,Even in an age unlike our own,Someone will remember who we are.
Even if the job you're assigned is not to your liking, a Matelon will see it done.
I have shed enough tears over you lately and you don't deserve any of them
I want fame now, not after I'm dead.
If you don't understand my silence, then you won't understand my words.
It is not enough to acquire knowledge. Common-sense is paramount. Sadly, it is not in every knowledgeable person's shed.
You'll never be ready. Ask yourself instead: " are you willing?".
When you are born, you cried while others laughed around you, likewise make others cry when you are dead.
If i can not touch the sky, then no matter touch the hearts of all of you,I wish it
You know that I know that I know that you know that I know my path.
Many young people are still driven to art, as in olden times. Most of them are driven by their parents, who know nothing about art-only that it exists.
I may have my fault's but being wrong isn't one of them
Architect is the father of all artists
Real friends don't leave those who shout and scream, they just stand back and leave them until they are ready to calm down...
It is not easy being different, you just have to accept it and say sod YOU!!!
There are those that can and those that can't, which catagory are you???
If you were always so serious about yourself , why didn't you start carving YOUR SELF.
Make it large', life is a canvas. You can paint it to be 'a dot' or masterpiece it to be 'the universe
Ask your father to convince you , not to go your way. You will win, i bet.
Make the most of your day, today. Tomorrow morning again begin with 'today
One chapter of your life is over. The rest of your story is up to you. Get started!
If we want to stay Happily in this world and also after world.Then make home ,But Not on the ground, make home in the heart
If we want to stay Happily in this world and also after world.Then make home But Not Only on the ground, make home in the heart
I am come to warn you. I am come to impeach your happiness. It is fashioned out of the misery of your neighbour. You have everything, and that is composed of the nothing of others. As for me, I am but a voice. Mankind is a mouth, of which I am the cry. You shall hear me!
While you're here, work hard, work smart, and keep an open mind. That's all I ask.
There are a thousand excuses for failure but never a good reason,"-Mark Twain
It is pride that makes error and discord among men.
The human spirit and self-esteem are compromised when you lay down your arms to the pressures of society in a rat race.
It's okay to get emotional. It's okay to cry--and this is key--as long as you can play hurt.
Often our thoughts, choices and actions are not aligned to reach our desired goals and we prefer to call it destiny.
Deep thoughts about the universe mean nothing if you keep putting yourself in the centre of it.
It doesn't matter what a person is born but it matters how he grows up to be...
Like snowflakes in a blizzard, each of us is unique. Within each of us, there is a common desire to heal and thrive despite our injury. None of us has the power to change our past, but we each have the capacity to change how the past affects us today.
While you're here, work hard, work smart, and keep an open mind...
Arrive with enthusiasm to every waking moment of your life.
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
What purpose will your death serve?""It will serve to prove that you do not control this kingdom. It will serve to prove that not everyone will bow down to you. You think to rule us with fear, but you cannot. I will never renounce my beliefs, or my husband.
Excellence is sum total of three E's - Education, Experience, and Exposure
If we give a hundred percent in whatever we do in life, practice one art form and pursue one sport, we eventually tend to evolve truly as 'A Complete Man (or Woman)'.
Always prefer to be like Gold, so ductile as willing to be pulled to the limits, so malleable as the more you get beaten the more you get decorative.
90% of all failures in life are those who have the habit of making excuses.
Only humans are bestowed with the capability of learning from others' mistakes. If we deny oneself this unique faculty, we deny oneself the chance to be a human.
Drive fast, take chances. Interpretation: Don't worry about breaking the emotional speed limit. Rush headlong into life and enjoy every moment of exhilaration!
We all grow up thinking we are special. Earlier I realises that I am ordinary, chances are that I grow up into someone special. Late realisation of this fact is very heart-wrenching.
A prayer never prayed is never answered.
The only way to predict the future is to create it
Your children are not your children. They are sons and daughters of the Life's longing for itself. They come through you but not from you. You may give them your love but not your thoughts. For they have their own thoughts.
Two Homeless People In Love Are Happier Than A lonely Man Living Alone In His Castle
You can be a warrior and be full of grace and class.
When I don't like the name of a place or a person I always imagine a new one and always think of them so. " Anne of Green Gables
In our very ordinariness', we are capable of extraordinary actions
The living limit is not ascertained by wealth one has
You have to die a little inside to be reborn as a Stronger & Wiser version of yourself.
say what you feeldon't hold back because if you don't you will regret it
...in the end, we as individuals must make the best of our lives. Fix our households, educate ourselves. Learn to live peacefully and within our means.Spread love and not hate to others regardless of the poison they may spread. Life is like that. What we bring to the table of life is what we will have to eat.
Nothing is impossible, but no one is perfect to make it possible.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes or failing. You never really fail anyway unless you actually give up and quit!
Hard work guarantees you nothing, but without it you don't stand a chance
...And while you are alive, there are situations that may crush your bones and body to take away your physical strength. Don't EVER let this world or ANYONE crush and take away the POWER of THE HUMAN SPIRIT we all possess.
Excuses are great, they come in handy in life. Except when they come between a relationship.
I'm conjuring up a little fuck
It will always depend on you, the choices you make and the actions you take.
But I've bought a big bat.I'm all ready, you see.Now my troubles are goingTo have trouble with me!
Whatever robe of honor or deceit people may wear, I will still treat everyone with kindness
And always remember that people's judgements about you are none of your business.
It won't be as easy, but lots of things that are worth doing aren't easy. It just takes commitment, discipline, and, most important, faith that it's all going to work out.
Begin your day by saying "I AM". You will begin to believe that you have control of your life, freedom of expressing yourself with ease, and the clarity to recognize your own truth.
Being an entrepreneur is not about the money, its about the freedom.
Use your struggles as fuel to enrich your life, and psych your spirit into having fun.
Getting to the end of a song is not the goal of singing.
Let go of what cannot be changed and let love in.
Don't fall in trap of mediocrity and loose thinking. Surround yourself with intellectual people and thinkers. Be an awesome version of yourself day after day!!
There is no role too small for a big actor.
It's good to remember even during your darkest hour, you are not here to be punished.You are here to serve.
Perhaps he was a wicked man, as Robert Falcon had said, but he had the saving grace of laughter, could even laugh at his own fatal predicament, and he had been so full of life.
Just as evil communication and company corrupts good manners, good communication and company can correct bad manners
The only person who can pull you down is yourself. If you choose to pull yourself down, please don't complain.
We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.
Be loving and kind to everyone.
Gratitude can transform any situation. It alters your vibration moving you from negative energy to positive
I love Coos Bay, and I love Acid!
LUCK is a word used by people who did not take action when greatest opportunities were presented. They use it to describe the success of those who have acted. Some use FAITH to describe what others call LUCK
I Love Myself No Matter who likes or Not I am Unique :)
Knowledge can be acquired from others. Understanding is your own.
If a lion cub thinks it is a kitten, it will grow up catching mice.
We don't always choose our situation. But, we can always choose who we want to be in that situation.
The enjoyment comes from knowing the receiver understands the spirit of the gift.
ownergy= ownership + energy. A word i coined together to mean working with a clear sense of ownership and energy to achieve great success. Brimekonsult.
Which means every tomorrow is going to be worse than every today. Why feel sorry for myself today when tomorrow's bound to be worse?
Change your character and your character will change you.
Books are like our children. They are often conceived by inspiration, but are born only by labor.
It's not what you think about that matters in life, it's what you actually do about it.
A life of Wisdom must be a life of contemplation and action
The man who has no imagination,has no wing
Independent is not scary but a brave action.
Others may take away your means of support, they may take away your opportunity to grow and may even cause you to doubt your self-worth. But only you can give away your dignity, only you can give away your voice to proclaim who you really are, and only you can give away those pieces of your soul that make you human and determine your character.
your depth in language cannot be considered that you are talented. only your attitude ! mind it ..
The meek shall indeed inherit the earth. They have the power to act rationally instead of reacting emotionally.
One of the plagues of our day is that it's easy to feel overwhelmed and powerless in the face of massive violence, poverty and injustice around the globe...One of the greatest needs in this country is for us to have some hope, and to feel empowered that as ordinary people we can make a difference.
Bash it out now, tart it up later.
I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.
I have been the patient one. I have waited for the world to stop being silly. I have waited for it to stop wars. I have waited for politicians to be honest. I have waited for real estate men to be good citizens. But while I wait, I dance!
An ideal scientist thinks like a poet and only later works like a book-keeper.
Every pause is a precursor to new thoughts, every thought is potentially a new story, every story is a new interpretation and every interpretation is a new shade of grey.
The present moment isinseparable from life.I want the present moment to be my friend. I wantto be friends with anyoneI encounter now.I want to be friends with Life.This is a decision I am willing to make again and again.It's one I want to and willmake every chance I get.Ask: what's my relationship withLife?
speaking out loud about anything which is in mind or brain is important !!Everyone can't.
Good times make the bad times better.
People's beliefs and faiths are as a result of their place of birth, or how they were brought up
Do it now even-though your Lazy mind says, Will do later
To all the defiant stoics, laughing and fighting lonesome battles in the face of adversity.
Note how good you feel after you have encouraged someone else. No other argument is necessary to suggest that never miss the opportunity to give encouragement.
I is Jovial. I is Optimistic. I is Antsy. I is Noteworthy. I is Nervy. I is Ambitious.But altogether ME is JOANNA.WHO ARE YOU ALTOGETHER????
i feel great when i used to speak with persons who believe hope
i know i'm something, i can do something that what you cannot. Marvelous ! yes you may be an achiever. But i'm not failure,i'm who i'm
The more you know who you are and what you want, the less let things upset you
When you're at the point you feel you have nothing to live or thrive fo, be like a camera, use your negatives to develop
Be original, express who you were born to be and be happy in who you are.
Be thrown into a new life (or at least thrown with sush force against the life of someone who is like squashed his face against the window) forces you to rethink who you are. Or what causes impression for others
Take a moment and sit with yourself. You may find what you are looking for.
Wrong turns make the right turn all the more worthwhile, once discovered.
A protest against reality, either conscious or unconscious, active or passive, optimistic or pessimistic, always forms part of a really creative piece of work.
Why live boring, if you can make things exceptional...
I used to measure myself against other people, but I always came up short. Now, I try to figure out what I really want, and measure myself against that.
Always remember your days are blessed. You may know how to profit from them or you may not, but they are blessed.
It seems to me, that if you tried hard, you would in time find it possible to become what you yourself would approve; and that if from this day you began with resolution to correct your thoughts and actions, you would in a few years have laid up a new and stainless store of recollections, to which you might revert with pleasure.
forget the simple live like the world just for the safety of your loved ones is one of the greatest accomplishment
I maybe on the floor, depress, disappointed, but am not yet down, i still have to fight. Its not about my condition but its about my position.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every moment with love, grace and gratitude.
Knowing peace is having a stillness in your heart while in the middle of chaos
A leader is the one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.
Something ought to be said for those who see beyond what most cannot, and this most precious opportunity happens the moment when ones personal value begins blossoming its perfect absolute.
A pessimist says the glass is half empty, an optimist says the glass is half full, and an engineer says the glass is too big.
Our lives are a flicker of light in the shadowy darkness of eternity. Disease, famine, war, death, sorrow... Life is a cycle of pain, perhaps the one thing we should do with our short lives is to try to leave the world a better place than we entered it?'"~Vexis Zaelwarsh - Low Priestess to Avanti-Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage
Tears and grief are good for reflection, moving on is still the best solution.
Man has to fight for what he wants, any way he can.
But I've found that sitting around moaning about how sad it is gets no one anywhere. That's why I get involved.
Being yourself is so much easier than pretending to be someone else.
I have nothing but contempt.
Be the character you want to be described as!(In a good way, of course!)
Because that's what it is, boy, it's a fight, or it'd better be. Because if there's something in me that's trying to kill me, maybe I can't get rid of it, but I don't have to make it welcome, and I'm sure not going to pretend it ain't there.
The first step in changing your world is to believe that it can be changed.
Being yourself is the one thing you can always be the best at because only you can do it.
Accept 'what is' they say. What if I don't want to?
You can't get away from yourself, or can you? So why are you trying to...
Accept 'what is' they say. What if I don't want to?- Juliette Power
Once you start something, finish it. Never give up...
The wind at the top of the mountain is always the strongest, but if you do not give up, the journey down will always be easier.
That is the man you face. He has more honour and integrity than any man I have ever met. He is dedicated to his people and his country. And I am proud to have been his lover.
If you posses enough courage to speak out what you are, you will find that you are not alone.
Some who have read the book, or at any rate reviewed it, have found it boring, absurd, or contemptible; and I have no reason to complain, since I have similar opinions of their work, or of the kinds of writing that they evidently prefer.
Never mind, just make it fun, nice and useful.
Only until all human beings begin to recognize themselves as human beings will prejudice be gone forever. People ask me what race I am, but there is no such thing as race. I just answer: "I'm a member of the human race.
Our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.
Greed has always been humanity's downfall
Mountains were made to climb, therefore dont cry when you see one.
Only he who can view his past as an abortion sprung from compulsion and need can use it to full advantage in the present. For what one has lived is at best comparable to a beautiful statue which has had all its limbs knocked off in transit, and now yields nothing but the precious block out of which the image of one's future must be hewn.
Out of all the things in life sometimes its the kindness you cant repay that really hurt.
A man without a good heart is like a roaring fire in a dry field.he damages wherever he sets foot and moves on.
what can be the best way to express emotions, if not literature
An idea without action is like a song without vocal.
Accept to die before you live; you shall live free, then accept to live before you die, you shall have a beautiful life
I don't know what I know, but definitely know what I know'what I know, i don't know...what I don't know, I know
Decisions are never made in retrospect, hence there is no point regretting them, ever.
Love is relative to the moment.
It is easy to find the problem. Knowing the difference between critique and criticism is the solution. Condition your rawhide for growth. (Either way).
If he only wants your breasts, legs & thighs then send him to KFC.
There is no point in saying anything but the truth because, at the end of the day, you don't have to answer to anyone but yourself.
Don't strive for perfection. There are so many changes you can make, there are so many tips you can choose to incorporate--start with ones that aren't going to diminish joy.
The act of making a decision can propel you along for a while, even if you never do anything.
As I start each day I have a blank canvas. I will make every effort to fill it with color.
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
You may not be the smartest, or the fastest, or the most talented. But you CAN work the hardest.
How can the truth make anything worse?
Life is life - whether in a cat, or dog or man. There is no difference there between a cat or a man. The idea of difference is a human conception for man's own advantage.
If you can't be pretty, at least be nice.
It's perhaps more laudable to simply keep heading out into the world, than always tilting to leave one's mark on it.
Just do it! let others try it.
It is dehumanizing, demeaning and humiliating when you fail or refuse to acknowledge or respond to a Good Morning greeting. #Mannerism
There is no bad.. nor good.. there just is.. and that is the present moment. How does that look.. depends on where you are along the journey.. Blink.. and the perception can change.
Eat like you love yourselfMove like you love yourselfSpeak like you love yourselfAct like you love yourself
Beauty remains,pain ends up passing
A desire to choose the hardest might be a confession of weakness in itself.
You have to Learn to know yourself, before you can know what you need to Learn.
I am unconcerned with what yesterday has left behind, but rather what tomorrow will bring.
Earth and air, fire and water, the stars in their courses, the high tide of destiny and the Will of divine Providence are all arrayed against the forces of oppression. -- Louis Gregory
If you can't convince you're normal, convince they're weird too.
Alone within the vast tribunal that is the stormy sky, the pilot is in contention for his mailbags with three elemental divinities: mountain, sea and storm.
Killing you is not the worst thing they can do to you," I say. "Controlling you is.
Neither poverty nor wealth is in the wallet. They are all in the mind.
With no matter what human being, taken individually, I always find reasons for concluding that sorrow and misfortune do not suit him; either because he seems too mediocre for anything so great, or, on the contrary, too precious to be destroyed.
You don't need everybody, just the right somebody!
What I can, I do.
If you can't stop thinking of it, don't stop working for it.
I needed to wake up, stand up, and fight.
We are born with gifts and talents, which we discover over time through new experiences. Talents invigorate our lives, incite our passions, allowing our authenticity to shine. To me, nothing is more tragic than someone never taking a chance, never stepping out of their box, only to leave this world with a myriad of unwrapped gifts.
Who care's what other people think? If you are happy with yourself, you will get by just fine with them.
You are born into genius but have you resigned yourself to mediocrity ?
Problems can usually be solved with simple, mundane solutions. That means there's no glamorous work. You don't get to show off your amazing skills. You just build something that gets the job done and then move on. This approach may not earn you oohs and aahs, but it lets you get on with it.
Frankly, my height or lack thereof never bothered me much. Although there is no doubt that it has contributed to a certain mental toughness. I've made the most of the head start one gains from being underestimated.
The best things occur when you challenge yourself and face your fears. If you think of your greatest achievements and take an inventory of the times you have demonstrated to yourself (and others) just how strong you are, you will notice it has never been while remaining within your comfort zone doing things that are easy and familiar to you.
I'd learned early on that the best way to accomplish anything was to grit your teeth and fight your way through it with the best grace you could muster.
To whom much is given, much is expected.
The only unavailable choice was whether or not to have Parkinson's. Everything else was up to me.
Sure, it may be one step forward and two steps back, but after a time with Parkinson's, I've learned that what is important is making that step count; always looking up.
The reflected version of myself, wet, shaking, rumpled, pinched and slightly stooped, would be alarming were it not for the self-satisfied expression pasted across my face. I would ask the obvious question, "What are you smiling about?" but I already know the answer: "It just gets better from here".
Most people quit because they are worried about what people are saying. Don't worry about people worry about you. Dr victor Ide-Okoye
Be together, in the moment of, enjoy each other, love each other, support each other, until the next time...Life is too short.
DON'T FOR GET WHERE YOU CAME FROM SO YOU KNOW WHERE YOUR GOING.
I will not call myself a perfectionist, but I love to present things with my best effort.
Achievement comes from within. If you don't feel it, it won't make any difference what anyone else thinks.
Dream Big! Never apologize for it!
Experience is not the enemy: It is the hubris that is often a by-product of experience that is our greatest enemy.
Don't always cherish a past memory, Do something today, that you will never forget !!
Life is short and precious and we never know what is around the corner. So you live for now, seize every moment that comes your way and if you're going to look back on your life with regret, it's easier to regret the things that you did do, rather than the things you didn't
Under peaceful conditions, the warlike man attacks himself.
Don't overthink yourself out of something good!
Committed to lead from the heart I appreciate a free spirit and do not follow idealistic rulebook.
I came to understand that happiness and vulnerability are often the same thing.
Something inside of me won't let me play small
Get started, there is nothing left to discuss. Do it. Now!
The more you talk ...the more mistakes you're likely to make.
I will NEVER allow fear of the unknown to stop me from progressing forward with my life. All things are knowable. All it takes is wide open eye's, a disciplined mind and a calm heart to get anyone through the storms of life.Fear can be a tool to make you STRONGER and WISER.
Set off on a quest to find someone who has read a book or many books and remains the same, and I can tell you with all certainty there is no one you will see.
Don't ever run away from your problems. Chase after them like a crazy person till they're too afraid to come near you again.
Don't stop before your miracle happens ~ Levon Poe
You are never a failure when you learn from a mistake and try again ~ Levon Poe
Do no harm, but take no shit.
It is our past that defines who we are and gives us the courage to progress into the future without fear
The adventure is which I have shared so passionately is not over--this adventure with its doubt, failure, the dreariness of no progress, then a glimpse of light, a hope, a hypothesis confirmed; and then after weeks and months of anxious perseverance, the intoxication of success.
I don't want to be that girl who's nothing without her boyfriend. I want to be a reflection of what I love-of who I am on my own, not just an empty echo of who I love. Does that make sense? You think I'd overwhelm you? he asked. We'd overwhelm each other.
The next time someone tries to make you feel bad about feeling good,respond by continuing to live well.
Walking in shoes bigger than your feet, will inspire gravity to pull you down." Let's be grateful for what fits us...for what we have.
Genius is the ability to push one's limits beyond the limits each time, every endeavour.
Make stress work as the fuel inside, not as the oil-spill on the road.
You are not judged by your success, but rather, how you respond to your failures.
There will always be something scary in the world. You must choose whether or not to let it frighten you.The Venger Breegan,Quest for Evil: The Magic of the Key by Jenna Lindsey
Every day we all make little MISTAKES in life, but that doesn't mean we have to pay for them for the rest of our lives.Sometimes GOOD people make BAD choices, but that doesn't mean we are BAD people...It just means we are HUMAN!
You see? Age is no barrier to destiny.
Dawn is a precious time of day. It reminds us that every glory must fade, and that all things, cruel or sweet, come to an end.
Saul was hunched over his drink like it was a small fire.
...one dies of thirst just when the palm tress have appeared on the horizon.
From Time to Time, Upgrade your list of Gratitude as well as your Bucket list.
Leadership isn't about age but rather, leadership is about influence, impact & inspiration.
It is always better to be a bookworm rather than being a dung-beetle!
Success in whatever format it prevails is founded on how deeply we master the inner workings of our minds.
If our goal is not to "succeed" or avoid failure or mistakes, but to learn something, we will never fail.
Tiered body, mined, with soul. When ones must swim through all the fake while it is what it is not what one thinks it can be worded it in to and or glamour shot it to be.
The path to your dream is more about following a direction than arriving at a destination.
some says that happiness exists in success..money..and in many more which they feels higher in their thoughts.But,how much they will worth if you are losing yourself....so do something for which your soul can find it's presence in purity,divinity and more than what you can expect from others to love your works.
Inside of each of us is greatness let us treat those around us as if they are much more than they appear. Let us treat each other with kindness and respect.
Clothing and features fade with time. I am happy with who I am today, and I am happy with who I will be tomorrow.
Like boats, we human beings need anchors, no matter how tenuously those links may hold us, or else we drift forever through uncharted oceans, scanning every horizon for a hint of hope. And with the chances of being picked up and rescued so small, we need our islands, our mooring points, our ports, our points of reference and our havens.
...and they all lived as happily as they allowed themselves to be.
If the shoe doesn't fit - break it!
Every cloud doesn't have a silver lining but making time to look at the beauty of clouds gives you peace of mind.
It takes more courage to smile than to frown. So meet the world with a smile and the courageous will smile back.
The desire to create holds an element of hope. Success proves that Hope is not a by-product of living; it is a Building Block of life." Francesca Quarto
If you have enthusiasm you have a very dynamic effective companion to travel with you on the road to somewhere.
If you don't have ups or downs in your life you're dead
Every single element of this universe is interesting, all you need is to take a look.
If you want to be happy, be so.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
How far you go in life depends onyour being tender with the young,compassionate with the aged,sympathetic with the striving andtolerant of the weak and strong.Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
Compromise isn't so painful if you're the one setting the terms.
A good leader is not elected, he is appointed.
When you decided to share your dreams with others be aware of discouraging response. Don't try to justify yourself when it happens. Keep calm and keep your eyes on the prize (your dreams).
Persevere with a positive attitude - Michael Jordan
You realize that you aren't leaving the battle field behind but are actually taking it with you and it will be a part of you forever
My mind works in mysterious ways
Do not offer help to those who do not want to help themselves.
Every book is unique and it depends what you think, not others.
Never see adversity as a disability,rather see it as a specia-ability. As an opportunity to believe, an opportunity to accomplish
It is a simple tale, but its message is an enduring one: virtue and generosity will be rewarded in ways that one cannot know.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open.
Be it Schumacher or a Shoe-maker,we are all racing toward the same finishline. Realizing the fragility of life can race you to greatness
Sometimes you don't really see who you are, until you see who you are not".
I do not have a disability, I have a gift! Others may see it as a disability, but I see it as a challenge. This challenge is a gift because I have to become stronger to get around it, and smarter to figure out how to use it; others should be so lucky.
I'm born with wild horses in my head..With an imagination to conquer this world..I will not settle for comforts of a golden cage.
I'm an expert on one-armed Herdazian jokes. 'Lopen,' my mother always says, 'you must learn these to laugh before others do. Then you steal the laughter from them, and have it all for yourself.
The most important thing about reading is not the level of sophistication of the books on your self. There is no prerequisite reading regimen for being a bookworm.
HAPPINESS IS A BASIC RIGHT OF HUMANITY...BE HAPPY REGARDLESS OF CIRCUMSTANCES!
The way you look to the world, define the way you stand in the world. Change perspective, change the world
Be sure there's a lantern,however it's gonna darking,give up being cautious about future,do what u should do,and remember Allah is beside u.
It's a poor frog that doesn't praise his own pond! - Donnie McClurkin
Each small kindness given or received is evidence that life is worthwhile.
I found a dollar in the street today. I find a dollar in the street every day. At the end of each week, I gather seven dollars and give it to the homeless. What else would I do with the money?
At its core, Agile is a mindset.
It is only when we go outside that comfort zone, and subject ourselves to the discomfort of considering thoughts we don't agree with, that we can make an informed judgment on any matter.
Im most likely to succeed at failing but the point is your succeeding.
what you do not start, you do not finish.' procrastination can be liken to a journey without destination.Now is the best time to strike
I'm off the rails, tipping the scales, following the trail, delving into my own custom made form of outer space.
The young must learn to appreciate the wisdom of elderly people and learn from their life experiences.
Truth is more important than modesty
Do not let others drive that vehicle, called life, for you. Grab that steering wheel and discover unexplored destinations.
Lifting lives, 140 characters at a time.
It's better to swallow pride than blood.
I guess a little bit hero is enough. A little bit hero is all anyone really needs to be.
You don't have to be perfect to be good. You can do bad things and still be a good person.
Give your time to people who will appreciate it because if you don't you will soon feel alone and empty. Fill yourself with love wherever you can even it it's your own because if you don't love you, you will not realize when someone else does.
Inconvienience pushes one into heroic action...
The volume of twaddle from critics is directly proportional to the distance you keep from them. There is always room to spread your wings when you fly solo.
Genius does not need to be validated, it just needs a legal pad and a pen.
I cannot imagine a sentence more severe than a person limited not by his or her own abilities but by the opinions and expectations of others. And having been made to organize in such a way, comes the remuneration, but no penance or escape.
If I fail, I should not fail for lack of trying, but in spite.
Those who can truly see, know.
Learns a lot and lots more to learn.
Friendship is the underlying element, the common denominator of every relationship.
You did not have to understand miracles to believe in them, and in fact Mabel had come to suspect the opposite. To believe, perhaps you had to cease looking for explanations and instead hold the little thing in your hands as long as you were able before it slipped like water between your fingers
Trust your instincts above all else. They are byproducts of natural laws and do not sway to your whims, worries and wonders.
Humanitarian Logistics is about mobilization and movement of resources for disaster preparedness, disaster response and disaster recovery
...he'd been able to deal with that pain because he'd accepted his own part in causing it
Early on I quickly realized I'd never be the fastest or the strongest, but not once have I entertained the notion I couldn't be one of the toughest.
A positive mind plus positive words will equal a positive outcome.
Adults follow paths. Children explore.
Separation is the first cause of inequality.
 If you love something, Set it free... If it comes back, it's yours, If it doesn't, it never was yours.... " But if it comes back and dies, It wasn't ever real.
I know for an absolute honest-to-goodness fact that life can kick you to pieces, break you into a thousand little shards, and that you can get up again and mend yourself. I promise.
Anything is possible.You can always have the life you dream of.
There's nothing wrong with you, there are just more assholes in this world than good people.
Be kind to everyone you meet.Give a little bit of yourself to mankind.
Fear masquerades as a "just cause" while devouring all forms of freedom and dignity.
Whatever your mind can conceive and can believe, it can achieve
Personal transformation is an internal job.No one can change you without you first wanting the change for yourself. The transformation starts in your thoughts! Only you can decide to change your thoughts and thus your behavior.
A smart man understood that victory was not inevitable. An even smarter man knew that defeat was never really total if you figured out how to handle the aftermath with skill and just the right spin.And the smartest men of all, even when they lost, they actually won.
Becareful about what you say , do not be happy when a gossip talks about someone to you..for he/she talks about you to others
The more you give, the more you want to do it-as do others around you. It's like going to the gym. If you've been working out your kindness muscles, you get stronger at it. - Nipun Mehta
Set a goal. A personal goal. Then achieve it. Forget about what others say. Their opinion does not count. Just do it.
Never underestimate a bookworm
To take the world into one's arms and act towards it in a soul-filled and soul-strengthening manner is a powerful act of wildish spirit.
There is no greater gift you can give or receive than to honor your calling. It's why you were born. And how you become most truly alive.
All rising to a great place is by a winding stair.
Like a kiss on the lips is the one who gives an honest answer.
So many sit around, waiting for superman, when in fact, Wonder Woman lies within.
You will be more disappointed in life by the things that you do not do than by the things that you do.
Remember: Let's look for ways to take *care* of each other rather than look for ways to take *advantage* of each other.
Admittedly, I am not the one who looks fantastic in everything, but still I cannot help loving myself.
there is nothing after book'.
Those trying moments teach us to desire greatness in ourselves and wider humanity.
I'm on a roller coaster which only goes up my friend
Not everything's funny, Mother.""No," said Leola, "so I guess when you can laugh,, it's all the sweeter.
His action was inexcusable, but it was forgivable.
CharityIn charity lies happiness and bliss,If you haven't done charity, you may miss,The power to love and share,Charity gives you happiness beyond compare.
We'll get there!
As an author, I breathe life into each and every character within the stories that I write. But it is the reader who gives them their souls.
Before you dismiss any gift as worthless, look again because it may just contain hidden treasure.
There is no sacrifice for nothing
Remember: Let's look for ways to take care of each other rather than look for ways to take advantage of each other.
It will soon make sense with some reasonable research and reading...ti's all in there, somewhere... find it!!
You couldn't lose, you was playing Mozart
Be grateful with what you have, So you will live your life without regret.
You can seize away my opportunities but never the passion that I possess.
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart
who cares about all the problems and barriers, nothing matters but the Spectacular Now.
Allan looked at the bus and then at the suitcase, then again at the bus and then again at the suitcase. It has wheels, he said to himself. And there's a strap to pull it by too. And then Allan surprised himself by making what - you have to admit - was decision to say 'yes' to life.p.12.
People in this country are still waiting for the war of their freedom to come from somewhere else, from the jungles, from the mountains, from China, from Pakistan. That will never happen. Every man must make his own Benaras.The book of your revolution sits in the pit of your belly, young Indian. Crap it out, and read.
Do not go where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson-
DON'T COMPARE YOURSELF WITH ANYONE IN THIS WORLD..........IF U DO SO U R INSULTING YOURSELF
I know you don't love me but that doesn't mean I'm the wrong girl for you.
When you don't find a way... don't wait every time for others, Sometimes you have to be yourown angel.
When you don't find a way... don't wait every time for others, Sometimes you have to be your own angel.
If you believe...you will!
If people let you down.Improve.You don't have to change for their entertainment.
Ther is nothing called a great quote, rather the one which makes your heart to take a dip in river Ganges.
There is one experience that brings joy or happiness to every living being. The experience of love.
There are no failures. There are only experiences and our reactions to them.
Humans are...extraordinary. It's a shame that we often forget that, and that we treat each other as anything less than the masterpieces we are.
if someone gets jealous from you,that the sign of your progress
if someone gets jealous from you,dont think about that why they get jealous from you......because thats time time your journey of life to beng a successful person is started
Everyone needs a helping hand, You just have to offer it.
Build your novel one word at a time. Remember that minutes = novels.
Nothing is impossible no matter how improbable, all things can be done before the rising sun!
Our growth depends not on how many experiences we devour, but on how many we digest.
If we're afraid to be ourselves, then who are we? Where's there left to hide?But if we could concur that fear, we just might be strong, powerful. We just might be unstoppable.
It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.
Somedays I ask myself why do I spend hours in the gym, then I look in the mirror and think "Damn I look good!
Memories help make us who we are.(Taken from novel...A Very English Affair)
Do what you have to do, so that you can do what you want to do.
Don't fear the world and you will conquer it, fear it and it conquers you - rjs
Hey, mister, I don't think so. You go outside and yell at sky, you so angry.
Man is whoever he thinks he is, within his own boundaries.
The rights of others often begins with the fight for justice of one.
Don't try to be the next J.K. Rowling. Just try to be the first you.
We can finally start translating the book," Cate said. "At least, I think we
But miracles do happen, every shining now and then. If not now, if not now, tell me when. From "If Not Now 
In difficult moments it's sometimes a good idea to ask yourself what it is you most want to be doing and consider how it can be achieved. If it can't, move on to the second best thing.
Move forward to the next step, there is something that change your whole life". Be positive
Trees allow their old leaves to fall so they can then blossom.
There is no playing safe with me any longer. I only take huge risks. I know this means I can lose big time, but so long as there is a chance that I will win big time, I will take it
Confidence is not arrogance.
I am not a extra-ordinary person, In the same way I am not a ordinary person.
If you have an optimistic attitude, the world will get better
The only place I see you headed, Grady, is where you want to go. Wherever that might be. You're in control of your life. You have it in you to achieve whatever you set your mind to. And don't let Drew or anybody else tell you different.
Clarity clattered into my thoughts and brought about a satori, an enlightenment, if you will.
The best friend you can have, is one who is there always for you.If lucky you have one or two human onces but even more the one between covers a book, which will never hurt,insult or betray you and always there for you to be.
If you associate with eagles, you will learn how to soar to great heights. But if you run with dogs, you will learn how to bark.
But I know something else, too: bad people are rare. Good people are everywhere.
Maybe part of find what you wanted was recognizing what you didn't want. Maybe there was hope for me yet.
She turned her can'ts into cans, and her DREAMS into plans! (Stuck on my screen, and always will be).
Ghosts... they are the completions of the deads intended gestures, there unfinished plans still hanging in the air - something like when you forgot one thing and so you pantomime the motion.
Stay close 2 those who sing, tell stories, and enjoy life, and those eyes sparkle wiz happiness is contagious and will always manage 2 find a solution, whereas logic can find only an explanation 4 the mistake made." me!! ;)
Practice. It's not about perfect, it's about practice.
trees with strong roots bear delicious fruits.
Throw your heart over the bar and your body will follow.
Happy are those who value what they have, when they have it.
In times of great darkness, courage lights the way home.
It takes a village to raise a child.
Sexy is not appearance. It's attitude.
 The distinction of one person's character can be illustrated bythis word : attitude 
There is but one Morning,that when we took our first Breath;All the others are remindersthat we have not yet journeyed into death.
Life should be dealt with in small bites, large gulps will choke you.
If you think you already know what you're looking at, you might not see what's really there.
To lose everything is not the worst can happen.""It's starting again, from nothing, with nothing," Otah said."Is exactly this," Maj agreed, then a moment later. "Starting again, and doing better.
Between the pages of a book is a divine place to be.
Flee from those who seek to make you doubt yourself!
Yours are the only shoes made to walk your journey.
My advice: just keep movin' straight ahead. Every now and then you find yourself in a different place.
Open your mind. See the world in all its splendid color. Truly look at the uniqueness of the people around you and cherish the nuances. Before you make judgments of others and their lifestyles, always remember that there are a million ways to live and love and be loved, and no one way is right or wrong.
By acknowledging and accepting the ultimate commonality, we can naturally and voluntarily develop the attitude of compassion and benevolence toward other people, other life-forms, and all beings. We will want to live for the good of all because we know that's the way we benefit ourselves, too.
There are things that I love - when mankind works together - helps each other - learns from each other - teaches each other - cries for one another - laughs with one another - builds with one another - heals one another - entertains one another - worships with one another. The unity of mankind . there is nothing so glorious.
Tangerine tango was still in. Cardigans without buttons were in. Bahia bands were in. Senhor do Bonfim. Make a wish? But hardly anyone considered the most radical move: be yourself. Beauty is always a revolutionary act.
I have lost tolerance for things without meaning. There is no time for them. Does that make sense? - Sara Seager
Fears can stop dreams,but not regrets
You should not be too proud and accept help when it is offered, Lenora. Being overconfident will lead to your defeat if not careful
Rich must thank poor; if poor unite, rich will have no place to hide.
If you can explain, then it's not the Dream. The dream can never be put into words, it can only be felt through the heart
Life is too short to be miserable for 40+ hours a week.
The secret of being a successful writer is--write. Every writer deserves that chance.
There's this idea that to live out of conformity with how I feel is hypocrisy; but that's a wrong definition of hypocrisy. To live out of conformity to what I believe is hypocrisy. To live in conformity with what I believe, in spite of what I feel, isn't hypocrisy; it's integrity.
Being a cat means beautiful, agile, innocent, brave, curious and trust also honorable respect for as much as not so doing bribery.
If u wanna be bright future.. you have to work hard today
No, Mama. The sweetest hallelujah will be when Billie can walk in the front door of any place she pleases, and nobody will tell her she doesn't belong.
If the whole world followed you, Followed to the letter,Tell me if it followed you,Would the world be better?
No excuses will lead to no regrets which will give you no limits to your potential.
Disappointments will come, rejection will come, and failures will come in the midst of the fulfilment of your dream. Don't give up, don't give in, try to push little harder; I know it won't be easy to give that push but keep pushing my friend be persistent and you'll see great results.
I raise my voice not so that i can shout, but so that those without a voice can be heard
In Life There are No Limits, Only Plateaus.
Life is nasty, brutish, and short. Death is easy.
A great mentor is full of understanding, trust, respect and willing to help his/her mentees to reach the right direction in life.
Work, home, or play we should all aspire to inspire everyday.
We hope you have found challenge in your path this morning. -- Laniel, Abbot of Bilkar the Furred
When people live in abnormality for too long, the abnormal becomes normal and eventually, identity is lost
Often times it is difficult to rely on your judgment when the focus on your true objective is out of alignment.
This life is full of signs, many of which find their way to you exactly when you need them most.
Life is knowledge, livin it is Succes!
You don't know how you got there or how it's going to end, but how you deal when you're in it is what makes you a man
We don't rise to the level of our abilities, we fall to the level of our excuses
The first thing that success would teach you is to differentiate the good and bad people around you
Figured that most of life's dilemmas could be solved by asking yourself this one question: " Is it worth it--to me? 
Open yer mind to the world, kids. No point havin' yer windows open if yer don't pull back the curtains to let in the light!" - Grandpa's favourite saying to Kirsten and Jeremy. Quoted in The Hybrid and the Emeralds of Elisar
Focusing on what I want, and what I need to do to get it, seems like such a small change in mindset, but it's made a huge difference. I feel almost . invincible.~ Toby Faye
Writing is not a choice for me, it is a calling.
We humans are imperfect, but what makes us human is not are kind but our courage to overcome fear, our ability to turn imagination into reality, our hope to diminish despair, and have a smile on our face although we in a predicament.
If you want to love and understand yourself better, seek out unfamiliar people in unfamiliar places.
It is truly time to inspire your mind, whatever your dreams may be! Don't wait for tomorrow, whatever your sorrows. Today is the day to 'believe'. Jump to it! written by Lee Bice-Matheson, c2011.
Sow something positive to somebody's life and you'll get that positivity back to your life because you reap what you sow.
You only have one chance for a first impression.
Your dreams will come true- If you put your mind to it. Your fantasies not. They only help you imagine that things are better than they really are.
We are not always right
You don't have to wait for an inspiration to fulfil your dream because a dream is an inspiration itself.
Engineering is not only study of 45 subjects but it is moral studies of intellectual life.
It's fun to do the impossible" Walt DisneyI always dream BIG!
Don't deny the dreams. They're a gift given to make your life full. Accept them. Reach for them. We are not here just to endure hard times until we die. We are here to live, to serve, to trust, and to create out of our longings.
People can learn a lot from one another if their need to be right falls away.
At some point people either had to throw off the wounds of their childhood or go through life permanently crippled
Never let the future disturb you - you will meet it with the same weapons of reason and mind that, today, guard you against the present...
Success does not come from having one's work recognized by others. It is the fruit of a seed that you lovingly planted.
No one is born with a talent. Talent is something we create on our own with practice and dedication.
If you want something to happen, you must make it happen, because if you really don't want it, it's not going to happen without you. You can't make other people do things for you. You can't wait for people to come and give it to you. You must go out and get it.
A fig for those by law protected!Liberty's a glorious feast!Courts for cowards were erected,Churches built to please the priest!
We as human being do dream & do expect a lot for what we are not entitled but there comes a phase when we get what we have never expected or dreamt of.... So, Accept every little thing that life offers cause might be this is what we deserve .......
To manage to smile and have a good laugh in the midst of difficult times makes you look younger.
Expect the unexpected from the expected is key to happiness though they will be far
We accept the cures, with the promise of future struggles, in defiance of death.
There are two kind of people in the world those who wish to be remembered, and those who are always remembered.
Until you feel that you achieved, you are a Endless Achiever
today, live your life to the fullest because tomorrow is a mystery, don't enter it with regrets
dumb cunts vote for whoever throws the biggest promotional budget at them
wow such reading
Live your Life as you want Life to be Lived
I want to question my belief, so that what is left after I have questioned it, will be even stronger.
Freedom and love go together. Love is not a reaction. To love is not to ask anything in return, not even to feel that you are giving something, and it is only such love that can know freedom.
Be humble to see your mistakes, courageous to admit them, and wise enough to correct them.
Whining is a virus, a lethal, infectious, epidemic disease.
Life gets in the way of Creativity, but it's up to us not to let it interfere more than necessary.
I just don't believe in wasting time. I see that all around me. People who live like they will be here forever. Using people, hating people, hating themselves, destroying the ones they love, destroying themselves. I believe in figuring out what you want and reaching out. And grabbing it. Is that so bad?
All fingers are not same in length but when they are bent all stands equal. Life becomes easy when we bend and adjust to situations.
Only when however we are becomes good enoughDo we ever become really freeTo be our best...
Wherever you walk, stand or sit, do it with self-confidence and be firmly convinced: I am a singer! Being tentative is one of the deadly theatre sins.
Impatience is the thief of success.
Have a good day on purpose, then elevate your efforts towards other and enjoy a great day in purpose.
Keep Holding on there's no other way to comes to the truth.
Not about the perversities of others, not about their sins of commission or omission, but about his own misdeeds and negligences alone should a sage be worried.
Stay Positive
If she stays she stays if she goes jst let her go,making her pregnant won't stop her from leaving
Never be a slanderous voice that hides in the darkness.
What you owe your critics are your RESULTS not explanations not defence just RESULTS.Evidence terminates Arguments.
Be grateful for the rain because without it we wouldn't have beautiful rainbows.
When u dont value the tears shed in your absence , you dont deserve the smile which begets the fragrance in life .
 She gets naked for attention and gets dressed for respect
It's hard to be different, Scarborough said. And perhaps the best answer is not to tolerate differences, not even to accept them. But to celebrate them. Maybe then those who are different would feel more loved, and less, well, tolerated.
Live every day as if they last.
Yes, confidence was knowing I could do anything. But, I realized, confidence must always be rooted in work. In sweat. In pain-good pain. And in honesty.
To make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Embrace curiosity, be open, playful, and persistent.
Hero is he alone who vies with powers supreme!
Let those who can sing to sing on top of their voices and those who dance to dance to their very best rhythm.
Innovation takes practice more than talent.
Work for what you want, pray for what you need and fight for what you've always dreamt about.
You have to fight for what you want in life. You can't live your life in the shadow of your brothers or sisters or parents; you have to live your life, and make it a good life, because you only have one.
The human mind is a brilliant thing. Each person is capable of so much more than they give themselves credit for. I am only one mind amongst billions, though I still wish for my voice to be heard.
Sometimes when you have a wild dream [massive vision]people intend to run away from you but is not that they hate you or jealous of you. Simply they can't see what you see, they can't hear what you hear and they don't know what you know. The best thing is to love them in spite of their silence.
Yes, my dear," he said reaching his hand to her cheek from where he sat. "But, it only takes one success to erase all the failures. When an opportunity presents itself, the only true failure takes place if one doesn't try at all. My wings weren't ready to fly this time, but, next time, you'll see. They all will see.
I'd rather be underappreciate, and under worked, than over appreciate and over worked.
TO CUT THROUGH problems, we need problems.
I have enormous respect for the reader. They are able to take symbols from a page that an author has invented, and turn them into images in their minds that create an enduring story. If that's not artistry, I don't know what is.
A Soul Mate offers an invitation to fall in love with yourself, so that you are able to open your heart to another. Do you dare?
The imagination of creative thought can be a crazy place,this giving reason to write it down to try and make sense of it all.
It's no use crying over spilt milkWhat's done, is done.
People May Hate You For Being Different and Not Living By Society's Standards,but Deep Down,They Wish They Had The Courage To Do The Same.
If you are not in some way living your life like a Dr. Suess rhyme, than you may in fact be living it wrong.
For a lack of attention a thousand forms of loveliness elude us everyday
Give people strength and encouragement, build them up with good words!
Inrealized how valuable the art and practice of writing letters are, and how important it is to remind people of what a treasure letters--handwritten letters--can be. In our throwaway era of quick phone calls, faxes, and email, it's all to easy never to find the time to write letters. That's a great pity--for historians and the rest of us.
Being a late bloomer gives you a second chance at life.
Life's too short, drive it like ya stole it!
We might miss the days of being unreachable.
Your courage is there right alongside of your fear.
Worry is absence of faith.
I'm just a regular guy who up until a few years ago totally underestimated what I felt I was capable of. Since then my experiences have taught me that we are all capable of the extraordinary in our lives.
I have learned silence from the talkative, tolerance from the intolerant and kindness from the unkind.I should not be ungrateful to those teachers. ~Kahlil Gibran~
Knowledge comes from leaning - Ignorance is born from not wanting to know the difference!
Awareness of your weakness is the first step for correction
To win,you must have both talent an desire- but desire first.
You cannot go back and make a new start, but you can start now and make a new ending
Sometimes, the most profound of awakenings come wrapped in the quietest of moments.
Small wins are a steady application of a small advantage.
I would be the best of us, the highest of the lows.
People are so obsessed with that these days. As long as you're healthy, what difference do a few pounds make? Crazy diets. Thirteen-year-old girls on magazine covers who wind up in hospitals because they're so anorexic. Real women don't look like that. And who wants them to? No one wants a woman who looks sick or like she;s been from a refugee camp.
if you don't believe,nothing ever happens at all.
Surround yourself with people who are positive and who guard against negative talk.
No one in this room is identical. We all have something unique to offer. It is the responsibility of each of us to realize what that is - to fulfill our destiny. Imagine the awesomeness - the potential we would have if we worked together for a change.
What you create doesn't have to be perfect....Don't let fear of failure discourage you. Don't let the voice of critics paralyze you-whether that voice comes from the outside or inside
Without desire, one is a walking cadaver.
 It never hurts to be nice" - Anne Heinrich
There is one potential problem with automation: that it will be accompanied by complacency and ignorance.
Two men look out through the same bars. One sees the mud and the other the stars.
The best motivation is self-motivation. the guy says, "I wish someone would come by and turn me on." What if they don't show up? You've got to have a better plan for your life.
it's really make sense when it's does not make sense
Life Isnt A Game,Its A War,Always Having To FightFor What We Believe In.
Unhappiness is such a heavy burden, those who carry it, when ever possible, unload it onto those around them.
A Twinkle In The Eye,Is an Angels Reflective Smile
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost.
A Happy Heart is a good medicine & a Positive mind works Healing
You've always had a good grasp on what's right and wrong. You just have a hard time admitting that sometimes you choose the wrong.
Stupid people go to college but"smart people own them"....
There are no shortcuts-everything is reps, reps, reps.
I'm an invisible monster. I'm incapable of loving anybody. You don't know which is worse.
The worst thing for a writer is to know another writer, and worse than that, to know a number of other writers. Like flies on the same turd.
Danger lies in the extreme. A man who is always cruel is evil, a man who is always compassionate will be taken advantage of. It is more a question of balance, or harmony, if you will.
Sick of this StateOf that Stateless StatesThat moves at this rateThat Knocks at the GateAnd Yearns for the remains Of the brave new fate.
...I don't think that. I believe we're going to win.' - Hime'On what grounds do you think that?' - Mitchi'There are no grounds, but...it's because I won't let anyone tell me that it's impossible. If I myself think that it's impossible, then I can't win. That's why I only believe myself and say... I can do it.' - Hime
Winners win losers make excuses.
faith is when music stops but you continue dancing.
fear is something i don't you experience unless you have a choice. If you have a choice, you're liable to be afraid. But without a choice, what is there to be afraid of? You just go along and do what has to be done.".,
I believe in the inevitability of miracles. I believe it because I've come in contact with this reality many times. When childlike faith is combined with love and an unfailingly positive attitude, miracles are inevitable.
If you can hear the bell for the next round, then you are still in the fight! Get off your stool and start swinging...never give up & never quit on your dream!
If you surrender, you have already lost. If you refuse to give up, though, no matter the odds against you, at least you have succeeded in trying.
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. Don't wish for fewer problems, wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenges, wish for more wisdom.
Hope is the universal currency of a recession. Invest it wisely!
Never Be A man of Success but be a man of Value
You know, the world is all about balance. You lose something here... maybe somebody else picks it up over there.
I didn't say yes. I can say no to anything I say vile, and I don't have to count the cost. But because you said yes, all that you can do, for all your crown and your trappings, and your guards-all that your can do is to have me killed.
When others fail to celebrate you, celebrate your own achievements.
I'd rater share the glory of a hit than star by myself in a flop
The world may not owe you anything but you owe yourself the world!
Each moment we take some decisions & these small small decisions decides our future which will one day become our present.We r ourselves responsible for our present & future. Now u will say that situations of our life r not in our hand. This is true but buddy situations only help us in shaping our attitude towards life. They never decides our future.
Some of us have great runways already built for us. If you have one, take off. But if you don't have one, realize it is your responsibility to grab a shovel and build one for yourself and for those who will follow after you.
You said a curse is only a curse if I allowed myself to me cursed by it. You said... I had it in my power to free myself of any curse - that curses were preludes to blessings...
Shirley: "Christopher, would you like to tell Olivia what "F.I.N.E" means?"Christopher: "Fucked-up, Insecure, Neurotic, and Emotional"...Olivia: "But what if you really do feel fine?"Shirley: "Christopher, care to answer that?"Christopher: "Um, there's no such feeling as fine.
When you're in a rut, you have to question everything except your ability to get out of it.
I cheated on my fears,broke up with my doubts,got engaged to my faith,and now I'm marrying my Dreams.Soon I will be holding hands with Destiny!
We can cry for years but sometimes gotta smile too.
If you can, judge less and observe more.
A person who is fundamentally honest doesn't need a code of ethics. The Ten Commandments and the Sermon on the Mount are all the ethical code anybody needs.
Right or wrong. When you stand on a principle..you're never wrong.
Doubt not your purpose nor your strength.
Don't cry my sonDon't cry, because life is a redeemed fightLife is a fight that will demean the weak personAnd will always exalt the strong ones
The game is worthwhile in so far as we don't know what will be the end.
When the line between right and wrong slowly dims, all that's wrong will be divinely delicious, and ruthlessly fought for!
Live life fully in the present & enjoy the small things in life that give you joy, for the seemingly small & insignificant moments add up to a greater whole.
My life is up to me to define. I needed to make my own dreams come true.
A Dream unfulfilled is a Nightmare.
Clear clutter. Make space for you.
Beneath the people we think we are, there are funnier, happier, livelier people that we keep ignoring.
In a world of diversity, and cultural differences... there's no such thing as 'common' sense.
A giggler always wins his/her enemies.
If you're not quite cognizant of your madness, then you're deliberately blindfolded to your supposedly fake reality
Men die:and they are not happy.
Do to others as you would've them do to you. scientific fact prove that action make some reaction. Don't fuck with me, & I won't fuck with you
If I had many who oppose me, it means I have stood for something sacred that only my heart knows.
I seek to find, so I search.
I weep for the stupidity of my sins.
The fact differentiates the fake.
Make time to relax, refresh and refocus.
Warrior of the night must be awake to write the sacred words.
The words on my heart are love, faith and hope.
I need time every day to think.
Stand strong. Stand firm.
I can run at pace of my breath.
The more grateful you are, the more your life overflow with abundance.
Life live by faith is endless blessings.
As long as I breathe, I live in love, in the light of life.
Embrace love while you have life.
Love awakens the spirit and the soul.
Relax and renew your spirit!
Every great writer is a great reader.
Graceful beauty is a modest appearance.
In the learning process, a learner does encounter some difficulty. But with diligent, you will master the act.
Begin the work!
We exist in the world of books.
The more we read, the more we learn.
Love warms the heart.
Books always attract my attention.
Simplicity is the beauty of life.
Life is spirituality.
The heart could only be kept warm by love.
No great thing could ever be achieved without encouragement.
There is an end to everything even life.
The only way to know is to learn, relearn and unlearn.
Adversity precedes spiritual rebirth.
Adversity is a golden treasure.
Knowledge is curiosity to know more.
Ah, if everyone was as sensitive as you! There's no girl who hasn't gone through that. And it's all so unimportant!
The fear is like metal on my tongue-I've known him but a fragment of time, and yet I'm certain if I accept his suit, it will destroy a part of me when he leaves.Keir reached forward to tuck her hair behind her ear. We're all a little broken. Quiet. Potent. No one goes through life with a whole heart.
Don't you ever let another put their hands on something that's already yours, because you might end up breaking your own heart.
When we feel the clown, when we have been played, if we have lived by heart, acted out of compassion, we are the substance of the play,rather than merely being played.
We are all broken, that's how the light gets in.
To him, freedom was greater than love. She hated that. 	Because she had always thought that love was freedom.
The audacity is in the living, not in the choosing. You are fearless enough to keep breathing; in the face of loss and pain and humility and gratitude and gifts and brilliance and confusion. This is the amazing thing. Right or wrong can never be anything but small things in the face of your gigantic, intrepid spirit
Wake up people, you are sleeping your life away!
And the next time I reach for my pen,it won't be to write about you again.The sun will feel warm on my skin once more,and I will get drunk on the colors of the skyinstead of tasting hangovers dripping from strangers' lips.
Whenever, I think It's Over But I find Its begin.....
Life is like a race, whenever I found a finish line, I lose, bcoz I'm last.. :(
This isn't Sex and the City, and life isn't a Nicholas Sparks novel. The best kind of love is one that is calming on the spirit, easy on the heart, fulfilling and completing.
Watch me go. Watch me. Because you said i couldn't. Because you thought I wouldn't. Go on, cry now. Cry.
It's the closest place to nowhere that she can think of. And nowhere is exactly where she wants to be today.
We hurt so much because we have lost a part of ourselves. If we have loved much, we must have given much also, and when everything's over, we feel as though we have lost everything.
We cannot love a person with an all accepting, transcending and encompassing love without being hurt somewhat, without being disappointed, without being failed of our expectations. We cannot love without being broken, yet we cannot continue in love without being stronger than our brokenness.
Be a person of character people can count on.
Sentiments that glorify humanity know no racial distinction.
Call up the ever-pure, the effulgent and the ever-radiant character of true humanism in yourself and in others, and no racism shall have the power to thrive in such society even for a few seconds.
Tolstoy was a Caucasian, Gandhi was an Asian, and Martin Luther King Jr. was a Negro, yet all of their hearts were inspired by the one idea of nonviolent resistance. King received it from Gandhi, Gandhi received it from Tolstoy, and Tolstoy received it from Christ.
It is character that should be the sole measure of judgement in the society of thinking humanity, and nothing short of that would do.
If not as a true human, let me tell you as a Biologist, color of the skin does not define an individual's intelligence - it does not define an individual's ambitions - it does not define an individual's dreams - and above all, it does not define an individual's character.
In the biological sense, race does not exist.
You can choose to fight your journey every step of the way or you can embrace it, recognizing each stumble or setback as a opportunity to strengthen your character, finesse your craft, and deepen your passion. Oh this journey can be beautiful if you allow yourself to enjoy the rain!
What many people do not understand is: It's not about who you think you know, but about who actually knows you. So better start giving today, be it giving everything at your job, or giving out lunch to that man. Start giving, and the world will know your true character!
Sometimes being an actor is like being some kind of detective where you're on the search for a secret that will unlock the character.
Substance is like tree and smartness its shadow. The smartness is what we think it is and the substance is the real thing!
Hardships lead to strength of character.
Your words may be heard but your attitude will be felt. Your attitude reveals your character so never try to deceive anyone with mere words. Word/Talk is cheap but character is key. It costs nothing to be authentic. Learn to be a man or woman of substance!
People must be just and fair, starting with what they thought.
It is not the class you come from, but that with which you carry yourself that matters most.
Reputation is an invisible force that works for or against you based on the efforts you put to persevere building your character
True beauty is a beautiful character shinning through.
Never fall for a person's image and status as the may serve as a false representation of character. Watch closely the character and you"ll know who a person really is.
For an educated person, intelligence is important but character is more important.
Character and attitude deficiencies are piercing thorns depending your handhold
The way a person spends his money and time can tell a lot about the things he or she values.
Repetition is the mother of character and skill.
If you want to become successful, then first become the person who can be successful.
It's nice to be liked, but it's better to be respected.
You're noble enough, Baudelaires. That's all we can ask for in this world.
You can speak with spiritual eloquence, pray in public, and maintain a holy appearance... but it is your behavior that will reveal your true character.
Speak less and listen more.
Democracy changes its opinions from time to time, philosophy doesn't.
Good governance is about nothing more or less than creating happiness. It really is that simple.
A government that kills its own citizens is like a parent that kills their own kids aka filicide or like a mother that kills her unborn by abortion .
By making the government a combination of elected officials and citizen-backed initiatives and referenda, there can truly be a government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Have you ever found yourself saying, "There ought to be a law against this," or, "Somebody should do something"? Well, here's the good news - you can be the one to do something. You can be the one to make the law.
If you have the right to influence the laws that are made in your community, why not take the opportunity to do something good?
Being negative only makes a difficult journey more difficult. You may be given a cactus, but you don't have to sit on it.
The proverb, "Where there's a will.." sums it up for a writer who had just started in his writing life; for himself, the fictional characters and the audience of his works. It's a trinity of perspectives; one of his struggle, another of the story character which he writes about and the last one of the reader's expectation of his protagonists.
She has a long journey ahead of her. She doesn't need to hear she will lose before she even begins
Life is a worthwhile journey.
Of all the crowns that Bruenor had worn or would, none was more important than that of Father.
It's important for someone who could play the game - and win - to say: 'the game isn't worth shit.
I took a part-time editing job to pay the rent. It was work I could do at home, but when suddenly I was expected to spend two days a week in the office, I quit, bought an ice cream cone, and walked the sunny streets of Manhattan.
Trust your journey, trust the process, raise your energy and the right people will come into your life
Pro-crasinaton kills the dream. Let it go
Life is a journey, so go on your way. Be a messenger of peace.
Our life is a journey toward happiness.
Happiness is not a destination but the journey itself.
I'm hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That's what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that's from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.
A great leader never fears criticism and welcomes them with openness and love as if they are the beauty of the journey.
Getting there, that's what's important even if you can't get back.
I can't tell you what to do. Only you know what is best for you, but I can tell you this much: love isn't a destination, it's a journey. You have to be willing to walk together or you will end up walking further and further apart.
Sometimes we focus too much on the lyrics that we forget to dance to the music. And sometimes we dance to the music and don't listen to the lyrics. Let the rhythm guide you. Let the lyrics inspire you.
Life takes up one long, winding road to fulfill its seemingly endless journey, and when we find ourselves stumble upon forks in the road, we choose wisely.
It's YOUR journey. Ask yourself who you are, where you want to go, and how you'd like to get there. Graciously accept advice from everyone, but don't look left and right and wonder why you're not taking the path of your peers. Enjoy the path you're on and make the most of it. Carpe College!
I've learned to stay the course. There are no shortcuts. No detours. They take you further away from your goal.
Saying 'I don't know' is one of the most powerful things you can say because it creates the potential to find out.
Angels of highest light and love,  Angels that radiate beams of pure energy from the heavens above.Please join us and be with us on this very night, As the soul of our beloved joins you in flight.We pray that you send this soul embraced in your lovely wings, During his journey may he hear harps, and trumpets and strings.
Life's meant to be sweet! Grab a cupcake and enjoy the ride!
When life gives you lemons ~ write about 'em!
Men dream more about coming home than about leaving.
Your life have to be filled with interesting tales that it should not bore your grandchildren, when you tell them someday.
Armed with my positive attitude and inherent stubborn nature, I keep my mind focused and my life moving forward. I stop to rest, pout and even cry sometimes, but always, I get back up. Life is giving me this challenge and I will plow through it, out of breath with my heart racing if I have to.
There is beauty in all we know and beauty in all we don't know. Our journey is to love it all.
I know what it is to be pushed in a direction you don't want to go, or one you're not ready for. People say they know what's best for you. Maybe sometimes it's true. But it doesn't matter if they keep pushing until they take your choices away.
Whether we're on the path toward victory or defeat is determined by the very next choice we make. Not the choices from yesterday. Not the choices five minutes ago.
For the day we accept that we have chosen to choose our choices is the day we cast off the shackles of victimhood and are set free to pursue the lives we were born to live.
You are only in control of your choices.
Working smarter is learning to prioritize, plan, and focus our energies with meaningful intent.
We are not always shaped by our parents, Cas. We're shaped by our choices.
(...) 6,400,099,980 moments that constitute a single day. His point is that every single one of those moments provides an opportunity to reestablish our will. Even the snap of a finger, he says, provides us with sixty-five opportunities to wake up and to choose actions that will produce beneficial karma and turn our lives around.
Letting someone control your life for you and decide what you will be is a sure way of creating things to regret on the day of reckoning.
Never make permanent eternal decisions based on sense knowledge.
It's mind-boggling when you think about how important it is to do what you feel is right. You don't know what you'll be missing when you make a bad choice.
you may be wrong to be right in the wrong direction, but, what is the wrong direction?
Learn to appreciate every moment of your life, stop thinking of the future too much, you have a choice to make a difference in your life at any time you wish.
Everything has an advantage and disadvantage but, choose an option that will bring you back to the track. Even if you see a poor man on the street choose an option that will left you up, but don't just choose, apply action.
What matters isn't what you are, it's who you are, right now, in this moment. What matters are the choices we make. That's what defines us. Nothing else.
If you ever have to choose between loving two people, always pick the second. If you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen in love with the second.
People often say that abortion is a woman's choice, and they're right;they choose life the moment they have sex.
In the long-run, regrets consist less of bad choices and more of choices not made at all. Little do we realize, those were choices too.
A man of wisdom faces it all and makes his choices that actually can change a lot of things.
I can't say for sure if I'm better off, since I have no way of knowing what would have been. I could have traveled to exotic places and kissed exotic men in the moonlight. Or I could have ended living alone in a dumpy apartment with the flesh eating virus I contracted from a public toilet. Could haves are always a great unknown.
We lust after the material things in life, then in a blink of an eye; the life which was once given is taken; is there a point in stressing over the small stuff.
She felt trapped, but she didn't have to. The world is wide open and ready, waiting for us to escape this bubble and join it.
Our nature gives us purpose, to reflect and act upon, responsibly by choice.
It may not make sense to you, now, but when you get older you'll understand that sometimes things have to be done. Hard things. But everyone will hate the person who finally does them. But if they do them anyway, that's the mark of true honor.
Life is a treasure-chest of opportunities, choices, and time. Unfortunately, the choice many people make is to argue about the details of the chest instead of seizing the treasure within it.
The ripple effect. You throw a pebble into the water and it creates ripples. Your action was to throw the pebble-the representation of your choice. That's all that you can control. But not the ripples-those are the consequences of your choice. And that you cannot control.
Which do I care more about - demanding my rights or displaying right choices?
We try so hard because it is all we've ever known, I thought. We try to fit ourselves into this world so that we don't seem more different than different, an oddity in a sea of normality. We try because it is only instinct, but we obey because it is law.
Impulsive isn't something you choose. It's something youare.
Loneliness changes you more than time.
Wake up! Be yourself, not a bad copy of something else!
Man is a plant, and its gardener. But it is only his soil that lets him rise, and it is only gardening himself, that may allow him to bear fruit.
Trust is an illusion meant to wrap one in a false sense of belief, in that moment of realization will despair ultimately set in.
Imagine that. Terrible, terrible, the way we have all bent to the yoke; the affection we have for the harness about us.
we're all a grab bag of good and eveil, and by and large can't tell which is which
And the ultimate question remains, To live, is it a blessing or the punishment itself ?
Its easy to lie, but hard to confess
I'm the scratchy stuff on the side of the matchbox. But that's fine with me. I don't mind at all. Better to be a first-class matchbox than a second-class match.
For all our failings. Despite our limitations fallibilities. We humans are capable of greatness.
The restoration of man's inner eyes can hardly be expected in this day and age - unless, first of all, one were willing and determined simply to exclude from one's realm of life all those inane and contrived but titillating illusions incessantly generated by the entertainment industry.
There's something about human nature which draws us to people who are authentic and makes us want to repel those that aren't.
Humankind spends so much time admiring and ritualizing the inventions of humankind! And yet humankind is such a tiny part of all there is. -- Nigel S. Hey, Wonderment(Matador, 2012)
Lacking a shared language, emotions are perhaps our most effective means of cross-species communication. We can share our emotions, we can understand the language of feelings, and that's why we form deep and enduring social bonds with many other beings. Emotions are the glue that binds.
Cortax: Sometimes, life doesn't work out the way you wanted or expected, but that's fine. Keep your head up, chest out, emotions and morals in check and be proud of the person you are. Don't let those unexpected surprises keep you from reaching your goals. And again, be proud, like I am, proud to see my son grow up into a man.
When we move toward rejected emotions and surround them with loving attention, they quickly break into manageable bits until they are gone.
Are you a kind of person who likes to keep all your emotions hidden from the people around you! Do you prefer restraining your feelings a little too much! In that case, you must know that too much emotional suppression can have catastrophic impact over your body.
Perhaps a better explanation for why it's so difficult to feel our feelings is that ALL emotion, positive or negative, opens the door to the nature of reality. All of us prefer to avoid pain -- but even more, we want to escape reality.
Tears aren't just for babies. They're proof that you feel something and aren't afraid to show it. It's those that won't ever allow themselves to cry that are the weak ones.
This girl is the rest of my life.
I am a lover born to love each part and parcel of the universe with my deep intense emotions. I love to connect with the world and each connection enriches my existence as it blends in my identity.
Over intellect will make you a genius, over emotions will make you a lunatic.
..forever daydreaming of a kiss so sweet, angels weep..
There is always a TRUTH to be revealed in any situation where your emotions have shifted.
Nothing exists but you. And you are but a thought.
Never live your life on the edge when you have loved ones who love you and who are depending on you.
His attentive treatment of her had nothing to do with the presumption that she was weak, and everything to do with the conviction that she was valuable.
It is in the seemingly impossible where we find our true value
It is in the seemingly impossible that we find our true value.
You don't need a reason to add value to somebody's life. Nor do you need to get anything back from them. You add value because it's who you are.
Happiness has no book value, but life has no value if there is no happiness.
Life's true value and meaning can only be known if we speak for the truth, not for our advocacy, but for the truth itself.
The value of your work is not in the dollar. It's in your word.
As women we're taught to believe that the more physically appealing we look, the more love we'll receive in return. If we can just be the perfect cook, cleaner, lover, CEO hottie - well heck, if you don't value yourself with all those attributes, then what's it going to take to get your low blueberry muffin self-esteem recipe to rise every morning?
You don't have to let his definition of success be yours
Bridges are built not to cross over it but it is built to lift you to the other side safely.
In the unceasing ebb and flow of justice and oppression we must all dig channels as best we may, that at the propitious moment somewhat of the swelling tide may be conducted to the barren places of life.
The rape of justice anywhere ,violates justice everywhere
It is essential that justice be done, it is equally vital that justice not be confused with revenge, for the two are wholly different.
Heraclitus once said "we cannot exist without strife" but that does not mean we cannot co-exist without it.
It is not unpatriotic to acknowledge America's faults. No country is perfect. We can't reach the top of the mountain if we don't fix the injustice and confront our lies. 
Justice without mercy is tyranny
The only way to rise above is to rise above. The only way to respond to wrong is with right. The only way to deal with injustice is to be just.
 justice is not only the way we punish those who do wrong. It is also the way we try to save them.
True peace required the presence of justice, not just the absence of conflict.
I run because if I didn't, I'd be sluggish and glum and spend too much time on the couch. I run to breathe the fresh air. I run to explore. I run to escape the ordinary. I run.to savor the trip along the way. Life becomes a little more vibrant, a little more intense. I like that.
When I came out of anesthesia, I wanted two things: my husband and my dog. They wouldn't let the dog in the recovery room.
Words are like food. They contain information that either releases and liberates and creates possibilities and development or locks you into unhealthy patterns you can't change.
The abscess is a distant memory. The pain is gone. This dinner with her hosts and her health-care team, this week of seeing another country and another culture, this time of being in demand, this moment is reality. I am a lucky girl, (Judy) thinks.
Only one person was conspicuously missing from the (American Society of Clinical Oncology, ASCO) party - Dennis Slamon. Having spent the afternoon planning the next phase of Herceptin trials with breast oncologists at ASCO, Slamon had jumped into his rundown Nissan and driven home.
We act individually to collectively clean our communities.
Hiding white lies only causesanxiety and low self- esteem.Melissa Mae Palmer (on living with a mysterious illness and not telling a soul)
Be healthy, hearty and happy.
We can taste what's in our mouths, touch what's within our reach, smell within hundreds of metres and hear within tens of miles. But it's only through our vision that we are in communication with the sun and stars.
We are all bodybuilders, so build the house you want to live in.
Research shows that allowing ourselves to forgive and forget can be healthy - it reduces pains, headaches, stress, and leads to a strong immune system. So I say: Why continue to hold grudges? We will just put our health in jeopardy, and lessen the number of pages and chapters that we still need to write in our book of life.
May you make time to relax and be refreshed.
You will boost your productivity with active exercise.
Never count calories, never go hungry, only exercise if you want to!
Always be of good cheer.
We all struggle in some way or another. So it's on us to work hard, and strive towards a better and healthy life.
Have faith in yourself and your ability to make conscious, healthy decisions.
Getting more exercise isn't only good for your waistline. It's a natural anti-depressant, that leaves you in a great mood.
Our mothers were largely silent about what happened to them as they passed through this midlife change. But a new generation of women has already started to break the wall of silence.
Holding onto what was isn't healthy for what is.
Destructive thoughts prevent your body from collaborating with your deepest wishes and needs. Sabotage has never been the road to success.
Maintain a balance life: Nurture your physical, emotional, and spiritual needs.
Even the simple act of tuning the radio to a music program can lift our spirits and show the world "I'm not going to give up.
You only have one day at a time to live, so live it and choose well!
Live large!!! In your mind, not in your body.
The only pushup you won't be able to do is the one you never do.
Somehow, we have gotten off track from the basics of health and spirituality, and we get in our own way.
The stride of the peacock is in your walk. Words of wisdom are displayed in the way you talk. There is nothing more beautiful than your charm. You are definitely a woman that is above the norm.
And one of the things I learned is that one should live in spite of. Although, one should eat. Although, one should love. Although, it must die. Even it is often the same even though it pushes us forward. It was despite the fact that it gave me an unhappy anguish that was the creator of my own life.
A woman loves purposeful commitment.
Elegance and smartness is the sexiest thing woman can have, not just the flesh
The softest grass can break any stone in her quest to find the sun. Rise again, woman, RISE AGAIN!
Woman must be financially independent to be free in love
A woman in love is her most lovely. A relationship end does not change that unless she lets it.
A woman's assets are her infectious smile and bulletproof love.
The greatest gift to man is woman, But the greatest gift to woman is herself.
If we know ourselves, and know our hearts, we're always home, anywhere.
One man's floor is another woman's ceiling .
One who is seeking the truth sooner or later finds a woman.
What is nobler," she mused, turning over the photographs, "than to be a woman to whom every one turns, in sorrow or difficulty?
Sometimes a woman will look back on what she had, not because she wants to go there but to motivate her to do better.
They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.
Why is it the songs all end with the good people winning, but in life they don't?"They don't make songs when the good lose," I muttered. "They make war chants against the bad. So there won't be any songs for us.
Every good deed is acceptable goodness.
Be good to yourself. You deserve goodness.
Goodness is good.
Shape your behavior and think about on how to make a good impression to others.
Always, there are some goodness in bad and something bad in goodness. It is the balance of life.
There's a good reason for everything, ain't there?
A good orator must be a good listener
It is better to be polite than rude.
That wouldn't be a bad way to die...giving off light for millions of years after you're gone.
She's my hero. Everything good and decent that I am is because of my mother.
The dogged determination and patience of one person to do what is Right and Necessary may not always win the day or even be noticed, but it will tip the balance just a little in the direction of good.
There is no good day or bad day, only good or bad actions.
Your morning routine generates a 10x return for good or for bad. Make it good.
How good would a Good Samaritan be, if a Good Samaritan would only intend to do good?
Only the good die young, the bad petite-mort
Yes it is, because you can only be brave if you're scared.
Everything we go through, the good and the bad, make us who we are; why would I want to be anyone else?
Writers, when they're good, open windows to worlds held precious and priceless by the soul. It is a sad day when they leave the earth, like having the windows shut for good. Where will the world be without good writers?
Don't cheat when you got the most beautiful woman by your side
Be good, or be good at it.
With every morn my life afresh must breakThe crust of self, gathered about me fresh;That thy wind-spirit may rush in and shakeThe darkness out of me, and rend the meshThe spider-devils spin out of the flesh-Eager to net the soul before it wake,That it may slumberous lie, and listen to the snake.George MacDonald
Sin is the only heritage of the natural man...
Without confession, there is no remission of sins.
It is better to seek purity than the pleasure of sin.
Sin is all wrong doing.
The entire idea of sin, is based on books of the dead people. It is a sociological invention founded on textual fanaticism.
Duty is sinless.
If one night you see someone committing a sin, tomorrow do not look at him as a sinner. He may have repented during the night and you did not know.
...when it comes time for punishment for our sins, surely it's only the person who's done wrong who's expected to pay?"Sister Agnes smiled, "Not even them, if they've accepted the Savior.
Your behavior doesn't show you who you are, it shows you who you believe yourself to be.
If origin defines race, then we are all Africans - we are all black.
The forces that we deal with have two sides: one is good and helpful and the other is dark and dangerous. Part of your training is to learn to distinguish between them, and know when to use which. (Nakoma)
All failure is failure to adapt, all success is successful adaptation.
Stay gold Ponyboy. Stay gold.--Johnny quoting Robert Frost
Trial and error open the portal to perfection.
You think writing a book is hard? Wait until you give it to someone to read.
We need not fear death, for it is simply the next phase of life. We never die, we simply change form - just as we have since the day we were born.
Without awareness, every one of us is at risk of living trapped, an unfulfilled trace of our Self, by our own sense of who we are
On Tuesday, December 7th, a lot of good things happened: they took the trach out, took the cast off my leg and my PT, Maria, had me standing.
Imperfection is my ticket, perfection is my pursuit.
A good book is a true friend who never betrays.
There is no better adviser than a good book.
... you're never alone if you've got a book for company.
You could write the best book in the world but if nobody knows about it, it is nothing
Only a true reader will understand how lovely it is to read a book on rainy days.
The people that surround us mirror who we are.
Be kind and considerate with your criticism... It's just as hard to write a bad book as it is to write a good book.
The ability to forget is a blessing, just like memory is.
A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it or offer your own version in return.
Just because you see bad contents in few pages of the bookIt doesn't mean the whole contents in that book are bad too
I spend money on convenient, comfortable and luxurious things; I spend money on books too.
A person must first learn how to walk on their own before you can guide them in the right direction.
It's easier to revise lousy writing than to revise a blank sheet of paper.
Sigh like the wind--open your arms, your chest, your heart--and all creatures will hum to you.
Imagine your life had a point system and every action, no matter how small, gave you positive or negative points. Would your points be in the positive or negative? Think before you act. Think of the effects your actions have on yourself and others.
With positive attitude, you can overcome any problem.
There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
Things haven't always been this bad, therefore they won't always be this bad.
You are perfectly cast in your life. I can't imagine anyone but you in the role. Go play.
It doesn't matter where you go in life it's who you have beside you
Filter all negative voices. But retain the positive.
Reject every negativity with positive response.
I am tired of hearing negative words. I will supersaturate the world with positive words.
Positive energy, positive actions.
If it doesn't do you any good, dump it. Take some action, push that lever, flush it away, and don't look back. Take small steps everyday of your life, and start taking control of what you say when you talk to yourself.
The only way to keep your head above water is to convince yourself you are going to make it.
Whatever you do, do something positive.
Your blessings far outnumber your troubles.
Inspiration is the power of the soul.
Because you are alive and reading thisAnything is Possible
It is a blessed gift to witness the beauty of each day.
To best influence someone's behavior, be a personal example. - Be the one who points out the bright side and serves compliments rather than complaints.
As sure as the driven rain, the sun will shine again!
Be grateful for each moment, for we know not which will be our last.
Sleep," he says. "I'll fight the bad dreams off if they come to get you.""With what?""My bar hands, obviously."In the moments before i drift off to sleep, i hear him whisper, "I love you, Tris.
Moments come & go, but special moments last a lifetime. Make them count!
Moments come & go, but special moments last a lifetime.Make them count!
Moments come & moments go, but can last a lifetime in your heart. Make them count!
Follow your DreamsInstead of following others.
When you laugh - you surrender to the greatness of this moment.
If you want to change your life - Smile. If you want to change someone else life - Smile.If you want to be connected - Laugh.
When you enter the world of laughter, you enter the world of fantasy and creativity.
Time, energy, and focus; these are the resources at your disposal each and every day.
Every thing has multiple aspects, it depend on us what we look for and How we look at it.
Don't give any chance tosomeone to stole ur aim,collect ur full potential to get itand prove that ur achiever.......
Happiness is an inside job
People mess up, you know? But you can't see past it. It's like you choose one thing about them-the worst thing-and say, 'That's who they are,' and ignore the rest of it. Why not choose the best thing about them instead? Or the thing they do the most?
It's an amazing experience when you focus on the positive things in your life. Things start to change. You become happier. You see things differently. There might still be negative things there, but like an airplane flying overhead, they become the background noise of your mind.
Don't live in a world of 'I never should have'. Regret is a terrible burden to carry through life. It stoops your shoulders and keeps you looking down at the ground rather than up at the stars.
Lost is not a place. It's a soul in paralysis... waiting to feel moved.
My deservedness is more than your expectation.
Don't win someone you're willing to lose
We are all haunted. Some more than others. We are all hurt in our own unique ways. But whatever happened to us, it doesn't matter. None of it matters. You'll be fine. Just never forget that you are not what happened to you. You are who you choose to become.
The weak fall, but the strong shall rise up as a phoenix else we will be no more than a pile of ash.
One very beautiful virtue one can master is to learn to ignore; to ignore perceived and intended slights no matter how infuriating they might feel. Not to ignore in anger, rather, to ignore with understanding. However, to keep account for future purposes, to ignore with adept skill and less hurt. Life just becomes easier and more beautiful.
Never pretend to be who you are not. It doesn't take long before the truth gets revealed and you'll be left hurt with the results.
The problem isn't that they all speak bad about me. The problem is that they all feel comfortable speaking bad about me to you.
Respond with love even when someone wants to hurt you.
Letting go doesn't have to mean walking away. It means the things that hurt you don't hurt you anymore.
The obstacles of life is meant to make us better, not bitter.
When people hurt you over and over, think of them like sandpaper. They may scratch and hurt you a bit, but in the end you end up polished and they end up useless.
There is no burden in love, because love is always selfish
For just this moment, he wanted her to see him for who he was, without the pity he knew she'd feel when she found out the truth.
But when a cut is deep, it's still just flesh beneath.
The most considerable difference I note among men is not in their readiness to fall into error, but in their readiness to acknowledge these inevitable lapses.
Some of you need a lesson in humility. While your arrogance may give you a sense of power, it may serve you better to put it aside. Those are the times you will be the light of the world.
By acknowledging our boundaries and limitations, we attain greater heights than we ever will by appearing to think we know everything.
Though I am a lot of things, most importantly I am human.
To be great, practice simplicity and express humility.
I love the vastness of the ocean. I love its serenity, tranquility, humility, and purifying power.
Gratitude is like the stem of the flower
Excellence will give you the recognition you crave for, but humility will keep you standing longer than expected.
It often seems as though the silent, humble servant is secretly wiser and more discerning than the haughty master; yet through dutiful (and sometimes insecure) surrender he continues to serve and carry out petty orders in loyal acquiescence.
We can be knowledgeable with another man's knowledge, but we can't be wise with another man's wisdom.
Why is it that self-confidence is so often cocky and self-assured so often selfish? Neither has to be true. Having confidence doesn't require being superior over another and being self-assured doesn't require taking advantage of another.
Entrepreneur, stay hungry, stay humble & stay hopeful.
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it's source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
Never miss an opportunity to be truly and deeply humiliated! The shame will carve you down to an individual of exquisite layering, and in the process, etch within you the arcs of exceptional narrative.
True humility is being able to accept criticisms as graciously as we accept compliments.
I have always consoled myself that he such as I who is not a genius, can still achieve much that is useful when he does his work right and chooses his work to suit his talents.
Real Humility is when I can treat a minister, a prince, a priest, a teacher, a waiter and a janitor with the same and equal respect.
Our mind cannot be without fear and our head cannot be held high when we become slaves to materialistic values , always wondering why my car is not bigger and better than my neighbours car and in that process forget our human values like dignity, humility , integrity and humanity.
If we can't accept what we don't know, there really is no hope.
It is only people who are lacking, or bad, or inferior, who have to be good at things. You have always been full and perfect, so you had nothing to make up for.
It is not so much what happens to you as how you think about what happens." Epictetus
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go they merely determine where you start.
Your attitude determines how you experience the world.
When we are sure that we are on the right road there is no need to plan our journey too far ahead. No need to burden ourselves with doubts and fears as to the obstacles that may bar our progress. We cannot take more than one step at a time.
No one can know your strength and weakness better than yourself.
The most powerful control we can ever attain, is to be in control of ourselves.
You have a responsibility to act for others when you're the only person in a position to do so. It's how you handle it that separates the great from the mediocre.
I kept trying to talk myself out of my second thoughts when they were trying to help me. My advice? When it comes to relationships, second thoughts should be promoted.
Stay open to opportunity -- you never know where your next important connection will be made.
No being has the right to say to another, "Do this, or I will hurt you".
You should always control the strengths you have available to you, never let them languish or, worse, allow others to control them for you.
Make it a point to get to the real point, though at some point in time you may not get the point; just keep your focus on the main point and you shall definitely score a point in the end!
I'll never understand ninety-nine percent of humanity. - Enoch
Most people like to be rich, but they don't know that the rich people are the unhappy bunch. Always marrying at least 3 times, always having drinking or drug problems and always think they are smartest one around, when in fact they can't name 2 capitals from Europe without a Google search.
Cease endlessly striving for what you would like to do and learn to love what must be done.
With a modest amount of looks and talent and more than a modicum of serendipity, I've managed to stretch my 15 minutes of fame into more than half a century of good fortune.
You can be in Downward Dog, hating every second of it. Or you can be in this pose, peaceful and nonreactive, breathing calmly. Either way, you're in this pose. You decide the quality of your experience. Be the thermostat, not the temperature.
Attitude and faith create facts.
Being booed off stage is just an applause from ghosts!
Attitude is the source of beauty, self-confidence, success and happiness.
Attitude distinguishes between a winner and a loser.
Don't Compare Yourself to others, this way You are insulting yourself.
Attitude, not ability, determines destiny
More of life seems to live inside us than out. Happiness is when you connect both of them.
Start telling the stories that only you can tell, because there'll always be better writers than you and there'll always be smarter writers than you. There will always be people who are much better at doing this or doing that - but you are the only you.
You need to silence the voices that say you cannot do what you set out to.
it is not the oppositions a man face that determine his rise or fall in life but his tenacity to dare to soar and to pursue to higher heights
You try to bring out the best in yourself so you can bring out the best in the person next to you.
Always dream big because once you stop dreaming you stop living.
As long as they don't harm the environment, pay taxes, and don't do it in my bed, it's none of my business.
Your attitude in your storm determines how long you are in it
Some roses grow through concrete. Remember that.
New beginnings can be painful ends. What your attitude is changes ends into new beginnings.
The question why I don't shake hand with someone,A reason is Behind;Scumbags call it Attitude but they really don't know its actually the antimatter Waqas is composed of.
A real and admirable writer is the one who can write good books but can take criticisms better.
My friend says she's smart. She reads a book to fall asleep.
Posture reflects your attitude.
If You're Disappointed Or Lost Something, Don't Stay In That Situation For Long.... Be Like Hydra Which Has Never Die Attitude.... When It Loses One Part of It's Body, It Reproduces Again.... So, Transform Your Pain To A New Birth....
Let them say whatever gives them comfort.
Life Sucks. True, but it depends what you let it suck out of you - Pain or Fun!
Master the power of attitude and you'll live a powerful life.
Worse is man who abandons himself
Tears of my Hard Work,are enough to fill the Ocean of my Dreams.
Your ability to form a strong intention, to concentrate, and to get and stay focused while feeling detached from concerns of daily life-relaxed, open-minded, and emotionally energized-are essential.
It does not matter how strong your gravity is, we were always meant to fly.
We all must do what we have to do to get where we need to be. Ultimately, you make that final decision yourself.
Sometimes the only thing you need to change in order to be successful is your attitude.
Work hard, persevere and help without hesitation to become an Asset instead of Liability.
There is no real light but just small sparks of happiness we should photograph to contain. But if we stop to photograph, we can't enjoy them, the flash overexposes them and they disappear.
It's the imperfections that make everything perfect.
Gratitude is not something idyllic that comes when all good things line up to be counted. Gratitude is there all the time waiting to be focused on.
Whenever the cloud of ego threatens to engulf me, I remind myself of my roots. It helps keeping my feet on the ground.
Propaganda is what gives us the freedom to do as we are told.
Hope can be bruised and battered. It can be forced underground and even rendered unconscious, but hope cannot be killed.
Happy endings happen every day we share our generosity, peace, compassion, kindness, respect, timeless love and joy with our love ones, friends and others.
Defy reason.
Stop worshiping the bad in boys and start recognizing the good in men
A good response beats a bad reaction any day. Be encouraged
Intercourse is one thing, Intimacy is everything. Be encouraged
One of the smartest things one can do in life sometimes.is play stupid. Be encouraged
Just because you start attempting to do right, doesn't mean people will let you forget about what you've done wrong.Be encouraged
It wouldn't matter if he was a bad boy , if you got rid of your bad habit. Be encouraged
People generally fall into one of three groups: the few who make things happen, the many who watch things happen, and the overwhelming majority who have no notion of what happens. Every person is either a creator of fact or a creature of circumstance. He either puts color into his environment, or, like a chameleon, takes color from his environment.
You must decide if you are going to rob the world or bless it with the rich, valuable, potent, untapped resources locked away within you.
Junk is in the eyes of the beholder. Some look, but others see.
Be the person you wish to be, not who you are told to be.
Mamma says we would be wise to remember that what goes around usually comes back around to us - the good or the bad - depending on which we dish out.
his burden didn't feel any lighter. but he felt strong enough to carry it
...there are two kinds of writing: the one you write and the one that writes you.
Even the most terrible beginnings can turn into beautiful endings when the direction is changed.
If you think training is hard...try losing.
It is He who is revealed in every face, sought in every sign, gazed upon by every eye, worshipped in every object of worship, and pursued in the unseen and the visible. Not a single one of His creatures can fail to find Him in its primordial and original nature.
Make peace with yourself, and both heaven and earth will make peace with you.
Constantly apply cheerfulness, if for no other reason than because you are on this spiritual path. Have a sense of gratitude to everything, even difficult emotions, because of their potential to wake you up.
Spiritual seekers let their light shine so that others may see; not only to give service by example, but also to constantly remind themselves that spirituality is most gloriously embodied in our actions, our habits of being.
A noble and resolute people can safely tread a dark and fearsome path if they always shine before them the lamps of wisdom and valor.
A RELATIONSHIP SHOULD NOT HAVE LOVE THAT HAS CONDITIONS.THE LOVE SHOULD BE UNCONDITIONAL.A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT SURVIVE IFTHERE IS NOT THIS LOVE.One should have a blending of physical, mental, and spiritual and not just physical or one part, and not the others.
Pick the things you do in this day wisely.
Everyday, do more than you could; seek more than you should; understand more than is understood. Thus only a man stops being a hood.
What is destiny more than an end result? If there is such thing as destiny it must change. With every thought we think, every word we utter, every choice we make our destiny adjusts to fit the consequences of that choice.
Dispassion doesn't mean to no longer feel the passions, but to no longer accept them.
Find yourself, and once you do never let go
Life should be touched, not strangled.
It doesn't seem to make any sense, but then it never does! It's usually only afterwards when the pieces finally fit together, that you're left standing there thinking how obvious it always was.
Treasure the magic moments for the gems they are.
Be generous with praise and kind words of encouragement. Say thank you when someone helps you. Make colleagues feel welcome when they call or stop to talk with you. If you let others know that they are appreciated, they'll want to give you their best.
Life is a gift. Live it with gratitude.
As long as we are grateful, we shall be glad.
If you woke up tomorrow to only the things you've expressed your gratitude for today, then what would be missing from your life in the morning?
Gratitude is the appreciation of things that are not deserved, earned or demanded - those wonderful things that we take for granted.
Every day, in which you exist on earth, be filled with deep gratitude.
Those who are too arrogant to say thank you find boredom in life. They are often depressed, unhappy and lived an empty life.
Gratitude unlocks the door of opportunities, blessing, greatness and prosperity. Gratitude is your key to a worthy life.
Don't let your 'future success' dim the beauty and light that's in front of you right now.
Sweep away the dirt,Let's get a little messy.Underneath is love.
Holding the space for yourself: Embrace the here and now. Embrace the journey. Try not to judge yourself but rather try to accept yourself as you are. Success is measured in staying on the path, not in how many successes or failures you've had along the way. Let gratitude fill your heart, live with love, laugh and enjoy the journey. All of life is a journey.
May your heart be filled with gladness.
Gratitude is the seed of gladness.
Gratitude is an open a heaven blessings!
We thrive with thankfulness.
Let us express our gratitude to those people who make our journeys in life beautiful, easy, and interesting. They are the angels of Eden whom we often forget to appreciate.
Don't get caught in the trap of always "Needing" something. Needing something always projects your mind into the future as if you have it and is the opposite of gratitude. Be content in the present moment.
The greatest of blessings can come from what appear to be the smallest and most insignificant of things. Don't discredit anything or anyone. One person, one tiny thing, one little shift can change your life in enormous ways.
Gratitude is the key for the door of abundance.
Gratitude opens a clenched fist and a closed heart.
Gratitude for all the beauty and blessings that we already enjoy fills our lives with abundance.
Gratitude is the payment for what we have received. It also opens our hearts to fill our lives with abundance.
When last did u sit back and took an opportunity to lookup and thank the Heavens above for blessing you with what you have and continuing to open doors for you every time you knock "and sometimes letting you in through the window" because not all doors are as beautiful on the inside as they are on the inside
He thought about his long life and gave thanks for all the bounty and joy that he had been given. To want more, to wish for yet more, he knew, would be petty. He sighed happily, and listened to the wind sweeping down from the mountains, to the chirping of night birds.
Embrace the change you desperately need. Tear down your walls and show gratitude for little things.
Every night before I go to sleep I say out loud three things that I am grateful for, all the significant, insignificant, extraordinary, ordinary stuff of my life. It is s small practice and humble, and yet, I find I sleep better holding what lightens and softens my life every so briefly at the end of the day.
People always complain that they can't do this and they can't do that." "If we look at our lives and concentrate on things that we don't have or wish to have, that doesn't change the circumstances. The truth is that we have to focus on what we have and make the best out of it.
I am ambitious. I set goals; not because I am ungrateful for what I have, but because I am happy with who I am. I enjoy the experience of rising above my perceived limitations and discovering new levels of my capabilities.
Take note and give thanks for all the good things present in your life.
Give and receive with gratitude. Do the former, without expectation of, the latter.
The more adept we become at feeling love and gratitude for all life's earthly learning experiences, the more quickly we are reminded that, whatever hardship may be placed before us, it is our choice always to return to a place of love and gratitude and to give thanks for all that still remains.
When the truth is dispensed it is for the good of all, always.
Extending gratitude to another says, I see what you've done and I thank you for the energy you put forth.
Mamma says gratitude helps us to see what is there instead of what isn't.
Happiness is in contentment, gratitude, and love. It is a lifestyle, not a location.
They are not my stories...they are merely mine to tell
I suppose the other thing too many forget is that we were all stories once, each and every one of us. And we remain stories. But too often we allow those stories to grow banal, or cruel or unconnected to each other.We allow the stories to continue, but they no longer have a heart. They no longer sustain us.
...stories break silence and nourish those who work, feel, and dream.From Costa Rica: A Traveler's Literary Companion
Life stories with themes of ruin can trap us. Life stories that are triumphant can transform us.
The mountains themselves call us into greater stories.
Books measure time in both moments and years. We all grow old but the stories never will.
Everyone has a story to tell. Everyone is a writer, some are written in the books and some are confined to hearts.
The single thing all women need in the world is inspiration, and inspiration comes from storytelling.
I think that for humans, the most regrettable of omissions, along with unshed tears and unexamined lives, is untold stories, the things not shared, the lost opportunity to be honest about oneself and tender toward others.
We are our stories. We tell them to stay alive or keep alive those who only live now in the telling.
Stories are how we think. They are how we make meaning of life. Call them schemas, scripts, mental maps, ideas, metaphors, or narratives. Stories are how we inspire and motivate human beings. Great stories help us to understand our place in the world, create our identity, discover our purpose, form our character and define and teach human values.
Live your life in such a way that it is going to be the favorite story of your generation and generations to come.
I listened so hard because it felt like, while she was telling me stories, she was massaging my soul, letting me know that I was not alone, that I will never have to be alone, that there are friends and family and churches and coffee shops. I was not going to be cast into space.
A monkey glances up and sees a banana, and that's as far as he looks. A visionary looks up and sees the moon.
You may exist inthis world--but I exist tooand I will not yield
And suddenly, as if her head had cleared, she was quite sure that wonderful things did indeed exist. Even if they're only in my own mind, she thought, they're there and worth fighting for. I mustn't give in.
Sure my rose-colored glasses don't let me see the world for what it is NOW but what they allow is the chance to see what the world would look like if people cared enough to plant more roses
I wish there were strict laws to stop people from corrupting other people's mind with their negativity thus influencing them to form biased opinion of someone, some situation or overall way of living.
if someone always finds our mistakes then we must be happy to know that there, in the world, is at-least someone who is concentrating his mind and spending his time to make us flawless or perfect.
People can make it hard for you, they can discourage and take the heart out of you, but in the end the only person who can kill your dream is you. Don't ever give up.
From Jeff Greenfield: "I once asked Elie Wiesel "Are you an optimist or a pessimist?" "An optimist," he said. "I have to be.
There were bad times before, and you are still here... Living, breathing, feeling the wind on your skin. Let everything go and feel it!
I'm alive now, but I don't know if I will be tomorrow. The state of being alive is not guaranteed, but should I let that stop me from living?
Now, as we close one chapter, the pen is gradually inking up, preparing itself to write the next.
There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.
There comes a point in your life when you realize your hardest times are your best times, too-you will see the rainbow of your life.
The sun will set and the sun will rise, and it will shine upon us tomorrow in our grief and our gratitude, and we will continue to live with purpose, memory, passion, and love.
The old deep sadness of life lay in the bottom of her heart and she knew it was there, but she would not allow herself to sink into it. Out of the dark and sullen bottom of a lake the lotus flowers bloomed upon its surface, and she would pluck the flowers.
We are bound to meet wrong things for wrong things are bound to meet us but, when things go wrong, don't be wrong, let things be wrong
Be optimistic like a flower. A flower never loses her optimism, and will bloom with all of her beauty despite tremendous adversity.
When I am passing through hell, I have to remind myself of the last time I happened to be on that road. How quickly it was over, without any ingenuity on my part. After all, hell is a one-way street. The only direction forward is the way out.
You are the author of your lives book. While there may be fixed chapters ahead, you choose how to fill the pages within each one.
The foot feels the foot when it's touched by the ground, like the heart feels the heart when it's no longer bound.
You are the prisoner, the prison and the prison keeper. Only you hold the key to your freedom.
Nothing's ever all bad if you think hard enough about it.
Why, it would be such fun,' he chuckled, 'to just forget all about the hours when the sun didn't shine, and remember only the nice, pleasant ones.
Make sure that today is better than yesterday.
Horas non numero nisi serenas,' 'I count - no - hours but - unclouded ones,
Every nation can harness the energy of its citizens, either towards constructive work to generate optimism and hope, or towards tensions, unrest and war.
All of the negativity and unsavory characters in this environment only serve to make the exceptions shine all the more brightly.
.theres much more important things..
Things are not always as bad as they seem. Sometimes, the darkness only makes it easier to see the light.
Hope docks in my heart
Behold, we know not anything;I can but trust that good shall fallAt last -- far off -- at last, to all,And every winter change to spring.
I can help you. He finalised.How? Both Jezka and Faze asked.I don't know but it's nice to sound optimistic, wouldn't you agree.
Change brings opportunity.
I am enjoying my life because things aren't going the way I planned.
No matter how heavy the challenges we face in our life, embrace optimism, perseverance, tenacity and courage. Never lose faith and hope and a generous heart who live and breathes with a timeless love.
Look back, and smile on perils past!
Live with the assumption that every day it will rain. If it does, you were right. If it doesn't, you were fortunate.
Sometimes the most scenic roads in life are the detours you didn't mean to take.
All the anxiety over small things had burned off me in the fire of reentry, the fire of being afraid I was going to die.
Make information your servant, perspective your reward, and openness your principle.
Perspective is so interesting. The smallest thing becomes pleasurable when troubles are monumental.
Life is a one shot deal, it is entirely up to you what you do with it. Me? I intend to make it the best I can, for as long as I can.
Your thoughts are your truth, so make them good, be good, do good.
Live your life with a Burning Passion, with an Unquenchable Thirst for knowledge and wisdom.
I am sure there are other versions of happiness, but this one is mine.
An old person knows what it's like to be young, but a young person doesn't know what it's like to be old. There's no substitute for life experience.
Our eyes captures thousands of beautiful pictures everyday.
The distance between who I am, and who I want to be is measure only, by my actions.
But I was not a mouse. In the fields where I walked, I was much more interested in the actions of the hawks.
Peace produces a proper perspective.
As of this writing, I am twenty-five years old. I have been alive for 307 months. Nine of those months were pretty terrible. But 298 of those months have been very good. I have been happy. I have been very blessed. Who knows how many more months I have to live? But even if I died tomorrow, nine out of 307 seems like pretty good odds.
Peace is not only the absence of war, but also a way of seeing the world, and the choices we make are how we express and manifest that vision of the world.
People only see what they want to see
When you're finally up at the moon looking back on earth,all those differences and nationalistic traits are pretty well going to blend, and you're going to get a concept that maybe this really is one world and why the hell can't we live together like decent people?
When you change the way you see and interpret events, suddenly everything will be different for you. Everything will make sense.
What we call coincidences, accidental and remarkable events occurring at the same time, are actually circumstances and events that have come into your life to serve a purpose- and that purpose is to benefit you.
We were sleeping on the same bed with our backs to each other trying to imagine a new life.
Dreams are fragile. Reality is a clumsy postman.
True inspiration unfolds itself, not by force or it becomes fake. True intuition is also the ability to be observant.
Whatever you seek is within you!
Service of self is best developed in dealings of service to others.
Everything is transient. You must transcend and transform for higher self realization.
Never be afraid to your share your story.
You don't have to compete with any one. Seek to outdo your own performance. You will always be happy.
Those who have the privilege to know have the duty to act, and in that action are the seeds of new knowledge.
The thing that makes you say, "I want to do something" - that is the beginning of talent.
I'm not a Perfectionist."I just don't want to get Embarrassed and Ashamed".
Don't worry about wanting to change; start worrying when you don't feel like changing anymore. And in the meantime, enjoy every version of yourself you ever meet, because not everybody who discovers their true identity likes what they find.
No one is destined for greatness. Everyone is just destined to express the greatness that already exists within.
We are what we are. If you are different, it's because you are special. Don't let anyone tell you differently.
If you never try, you will never know what it means to succeed.
If you say one thing, and do something different, how can your conscience trust you? Self-trust comes from integrity.
Don't be the slave for the society, be the entrepreneur for yourself.
You are what you believe as expressed by what you do
Sooner or later you'll hear what your heart has always been telling you:stop trying to be who you think you should be - become who you are.
You're too young to decide to live forever.
Looking into the spirit of others is sometimes like looking into a pond. Though we aim to see what's deep in the bottom, we are often distracted by our own reflection.
Humans are probably the only creatures who know that they will die. They know for certain and yet they keep going. A resilient spirit and a need to survive does not make for cowardice.Salma to Merrick in Simple Conversation
If you keep your eyes so fixed on heaven that you never look at the earth, you will stumble into hell.
Don't think you can act perfectly. A perfect person doesn't exist. Always strive to give your best effort, and that's it.
Teach your little ones about the rules of decent behaviour. When they grow up, it will be too late to learn.
A fairy-tale life exists only in fairy tales.
Single hand for help is better than thousands hands of prayer.
The past and fool are the most dangerous weapons that poison our mind and heart
Some even peek through their computer screens to see themselves on FB as others see them, in order to be sure of who they really are. In effect, they have become self-voyeurs!
What is seen by all on FB becomes what each person also sees in the mirror when he sees himself. The others' gaze, but also the others' values, opinions, and judgements become one's own.
Instead of allowing a situation to alter your attitude negatively. Let your positive attitude alter the situation.
Man was not meant for safe harbor.
Let lessons learnt be like fingers burned. Gentle reminders imploring us to stay away from fire.
Flowers wither away when put through harsh conditions. Humans, on the other hand, have a choice. A choice to wither away or blossom.
Let lessons learnt be like fingers burned. Gentle reminders imploring us to stay away from fire. It is a mark of folly to make the same mistake twice.
All we must do is take small steps. Steps with the belief that someday, all those small steps will culminate into a giant leap, a fitting finale.
If your needs are little, you are rich enough.
Opposition stood in my way, but I persevered against all odds and in the process gained my freedom as well as became a man whose future is like the universe/cosmos...INFINITE
Release your past into the universe and embrace your future with opened arms.
There's a Pleasure"of happinessIn every thing I really wanna doWhen I find true happinessIn every thing I can do - Cocoy McCoy -
Don't fear the unknown for it may be the change you're looking for. And, once you've crossed that bridge be prepared to change once again for the only for sure in life is change.
The Master, by residing in the Tao,sets an example for all beings.Because he doesn't display himself,people can see his light.Because he has nothing to prove,people can trust his 
Alas, between the shouldn't and the shouldn't have-that is precisely where life happens.
Drink from the ethereal philosophy of Heaven and you may see life as no more no less than a dream made of pure poetry from divine source. AA
The end toward which all human acts are directed is happiness.
The saddest of all tragedies - the wasted life
After all, the whole of humanity was anchored by inventions, contrivances, unrealities. Xiao Li lived on dreams, as most people do.
You have to be grateful for the small things, when any minute might be your last.
The definition of a good story is one that remains with you long after you've turned that last page.
We can reach untainted experiential freedom, by living in the moment as it is-without contemplation. Here we find the possibility of freedom-of just being-living as our authentic self. We are our true nature. We are one and whole.
He who cannot swim should neither chase the dolphins nor play with sharks. For him disaster awaits like sunrise.
Truth  * I had a long heart-to-heart talk with a politician and a 14 month old baby the baby spoke more truth  than the politician _________________ 2014(c)rassool jibraeel snyman "The Poetic Assassin
Your life on earth will be graded by the effect of the footprints you leave behind
Life, at its best, is a flowing, changing process in which nothing is fixed.
And it was the speed that provided some solace. For if it moved like that, it would always move like that, and somehow, because of it, things change, somehow things end.
No matter how far you have gone down the road its never too late to stop and reinvent yourself
Within us all are sages, warriors and fools; we more often that not choose the fools
I'm just here to remind you that every human life is a bold and delicate projection of the eternal into the temporal.
In any given situation you will find only what you bring with you...
The impatient idealist says: 'Give me a place to stand and I shall move the earth.' But such a place does not exist. We all have to stand on the earth itself and go with her at her pace.
To make a change, you must be: willing to commit, willing to change, willing to have an open mind, and willing to take action!
Your own thoughts can be your worst enemy!
Freedom is your birthright!
Dreams are a beautiful bride that holds our hands to enter a world more gloriousthan this one.
I will arise and go now, for always night and day I hear lake water lapping...I hear it in the deep heart's core.
Poems arrive. They hide in feelings and images, in weeds and delivery vans, daring us to notice and give them form with our words. They take us to an invisible world where light and dark, inside and outside meet.
When the last leaf falls,what will die within us?
No matter how many times I break...I will repair.No matter how many times I tear...I will sew." -From "Towards Peace in a More Natural Order
love is always moving towards you
Whenever life is getting tough hold on.Don't let it get the best of you stay strong.
The temporal heart resonates at whispersFrom a Truth overarchingOf whose countenanceTimeless Intellect yearns vainly to fathom
But you must know that only he who fights the darkness within will the day after tomorrow have his own share in the sun.
You did anything to bury me, but you forgot that I was a seed.
To walk quietly until the miracle in everything speaks is poetry, whether we write it down or not.
Because Of You, My Heart Exploded Into Stars
...one can never leave home...one carries the shadows, the dreams, the dragons of home under one's skin, at the extreme corners of one's eyes...
Home isn't four walls, it's the people you're with.
As we travel great lengths in this world away from home, most of us come back with a clearer view on what home means. And most likely it isn't so much about the place in itself, but more about the places and people that have made us feel AT home.
The Loon CharmTo A Life Filled with A Love Whose Voice Always Calls You Home
When something extraordinary shows up in your life in the middle of the night, you give it a name and make it the best home you can.
Kick off your shoes. Unburden yourself with song. Tell each other tales. Dance around the table. Leave the cleaning up for the morning. Then go outside and look at the stars.
I went searching in a foreign land and found my way home.
Kick off your shoes. Unburden yourself with song. Tell each other tales. Dance around the table. Leave the Clarke awning up for the morning. Then go outside and look at the stars.
Everyday I reach to a place where there is my name on the door. It's been a while, didn't reach my home.
Madness is like an alternative residence. When sanity chases you out of home, take shelter in madness.
I'm working hard to have a good life.You don't need fancy things to feel good. You can hug a puppy. You can buy a can of paint and surround yourself with color. You can plant a flower and watch it grow. You can decide to trust people, the right people. You can decide to start over and let other people start over, too.
Warm familiar scents drift softly from the oven,And imprint forever upon our heartsThat this is homeand that we are loved.
Cause they say home is where your heart is set in stone, it's where you go when're you're alone, its were you go to rest your bones. It's not just where you lay your head, it's not just where you make your bead. As long as we're together does it matter where we go?
I've learned through the years that it's not where you live, it's the people who surround you that make you feel at home.
It's important to honor your ancestors. Bringing in a piece of furniture or an object you've inherited from a loved one not only honors the person who has passed but also brings the warmth of happy memories into your home.
It's easier to take than to give. It's nobler to give than to take. The thrill of taking lasts a day. The thrill of giving lasts a lifetime.
Each one's no longer consciousOf the high wall, or the rest:Since the one enduring fortress,Is the soldier's iron breast.If you'd live unconquered,Quickly arm, and fight the real foe:Every wife an Amazon bred,And every child a hero.
Shepherds, did they but know it, walk through greater halls than kings.
Beware of those who promise a quick and easy way, for much ease brings many difficulties.
If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in? Slow down and enjoy the moment you're in and live your life to the fullest.
Balance is not always obtainable in every situation, however, we have the option to surrender our control over the desired outcome and live more easily in the present moment . This will result in greater peace of mind.
If only I lived in a perpetual state of awareness for the infinite daily blessings I'm given.
I have found awareness to be one of the most rewarding, and yet one of the most painful journeys one can embark on.
If you see oppression, violence, injustice and evil deeds, unzip your silence and uncaring indifference, do something and act against all these unethical instances." ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my novel, If I Could Tell You
Once you dominate yourself through conciousness, the attachments disappear and you can genuinely achieve your dreams.
Become aware of yourself. Everything will come to you, Chinmay, when you are in that most wonderful place on earth, the centre of your being. If you learn just one thing from this book, let it be that once you are aware of yourself, depression cannot hold you back any more than a tiger can be trapped in a spider's web.
Awareness about lack of knowledge is the most useful knowledge.
Once you understand who you are, you can become more of what you are.
What you don't know fills the infinite universe. What you do know only fills your mind.
Imagine the message that sent to my sister and me. A cousin violates us, confesses, and walks away with barely a slap on the wrist. I learned at a young age that if I was ever going to see justice for the wrongs done to me, I had to find it myself.
Dear bullies, see that young boy you made fun of for crying? Last night his best friend committed suicide. See the girl you called fat? She's starving herself. See the old man you just made fun of cause of the ugly scars? He fought for our country. Post this if you're against bullying. I bet 95% of you won't.
By opening the door to my life, it is my hope and mission to shed light on the hidden wounds of abuse, to end the stigma and shame associated with abuse, and to show survivors true courage, strength, inspiration, and determination.
Once you awaken, you will have no interest in judging those who sleep.
Treat me as I am,and that I shall remain.Treat me as I wish to be,and that I shall become.
Be afraid of nothing but be aware of everything.
Self-pity imprisons us in the walls of our own self-absorption. The whole world shrinks down to the size of our problem, and the more we dwell on it, the smaller we are and the larger the problem seems to grow. Awareness of others is a healthy antidote to this self-focus.
Every day we're given opportunities, some of us see them and some are too busy to notice.
Being interesting isn't important. But being happy is. As well as being a person you're proud of
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is letting go of the things that makes you sad.
Everyday, everytime we cant be happy, we cant keep smiling. Sometime smile may lost or something depress us. But this is the main challenge to bring smile back and stay happy everytime...
Sometimes, if you want to be happy, you've got to run away to Bath and marry a punk rocker.
Never say anything about someone which, if called to testify, you are unable to repeat to the person's hearing or the hearing of the person's close friend. This will save you a lot of trouble in life.
Just be happy and if you can't be happy, do things that make you happy. or do nothing with the people that make you happy.
Happiness often sneaks through doors you didn't even know were open
There is something, like a feeling, that reminds me of happy days filled with exploration and imagination. Days where the rest of the world fell behind me and only left a friend.
One day the sun will shine brighter than ever,and the stars will twinkle and shine more than ever,One day the pain will feel like it was there never,That's when I will sing again, even if just in the shower, but louder and happier than ever.
Be happy, be fun, let your hair down and be AGELESS!
Not to get all Zen on you, but maybe you should love yourself more.
You can't spell impossible without spelling possible!
I'm on my way...don't know where to, but my road is build with metaphors and nonsense
If it makes you happy, then you succeeded already.
Being happy is a requisite for longevity.
You live longer once you realise that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.
It is so simple, to be happy think happiness.
The only way to find happiness is to make someone happy.
Find a place to think and a person to love and be happy.
The one thing most important to anything else is to be happy.
In the midst of life's ups and down, beginnings and endings, let us live our life, let us be joyful, let us be happy.
Some people radiate happiness and make every one happy around them.
Happiness will be there if you want to be happy.
Wherever you are, be loving, caring, kind, and above all, be happy.
We are as happy as we think we are.
Be happy while you are looking for happiness because our purpose of life is to be happy.
When you're happy only then you can spread the seeds of happiness around.
If you are happy then you are the winner in the race we call life.
If you chose to be happy,You will be happy.
Change your perception and be happy where you are, how you are, with whom you are.
Our main purpose of life is to be happy. Happiness is in simplicity, and the most amazing things about life is that it is so simple.
The best way to be happy is to make someone else happy.
Never pursue happiness, just be happy.
Never try to be happy but always try to make someone happy. All the happiness in the world will be yours.
You are as happy as you chose to be. So chose to be happy.
Find out what makes you happy and do it. If you are happy, you bring happiness for the world.
Be happy for what you have not for what you should have.
We came to this world with nothing but love and blessing. The purpose of our life is to be happy by loving and serving.
It is what you think, not what you achieve, that makes you happy.
Trust your heart's feeling, accept it and be happy.
You are happy when you can enjoy the little things around you.
If the purpose of your life is to seek happiness, you will be happy even if you are not a success.
To be happy, find the happiness inside you; there is no better thing that you can do.
I am happy in every moment and every day. My happiness depends on me, not on the way.
To have a productive happy life you have to focus on two things: focus on what you want and enjoy what you have.
You are most happy when you can give yourself away to others.
When I try to make other people happy, I become happy.
To be happy, think about happiness, and see happiness and beauty in every little thing.
When you engage in work that you love, you are happy.
To be happy, you have to love and forgive.
The ultimate purpose of our life is to be happy. We are born for happiness, we are going toward happiness, we like to live in happiness, and we like to vanish from this universe for eternal happiness.
The first step in becoming a truly happy person is to make peace with your life. The second step will be to spread that peace into your environment.
If you want to be happy, be wary of focusing on past events and do your best to live in the present.
They asked a wise man: Why don't we ever hear you backbiting and slandering?He said: I'm still not happy with myself to start with others.
When I write, my soul sings.
If you are happy, you can give happiness. If you don't love yourself and if you are unhappy with yourself, you can't give anything else but that.
Everyone is beautiful and talented in their own special way. Some people can sing, dance, play instruments, teach, and more. You may not be in the hall of fame, but you possess the ability to inspire others. Recognize your talents and continue to be creative. Share your beautiful gifts with the world
Happiness surrounds those who are happy.
You shouldn't look too far to find people to care about or people who will care about you. Because if you stop looking, the people who do care will come looking for you.
Only one wish I have, and that is to die a happy man.
Fundamental rule in your life, is to know what your deserve in life and getting what you deserve. That's winning always.
Who the hell cares about what anybody else thinks? Just look into your heart and do whatever the hell makes you happy.
Choose life, choose to be happy and make somebody smile.
Been living on this earth for so long now and still don't know what a happy life feels like. I'm ready for a change.
Motivation is the first step in achieving your dreams!
Don't be gloomy. Do not dwell on unkind things. Stop seeking out the storms and enjoy more fully the sunlight. Even if you are not happy, put a smile on your face. 'Accentuate the positive.' Look a little deeper for the good. Go forward in life with a twinkle in your eye and a smile on your face, with great and strong purpose in your heart. Love life.
How to be happy in life? The short and simple answer is to SMILE more often!
The commencement of true happiness is the realization that your happiness begins with you.
The peak of happiness is attained when a person has accepted to be what he is.
First seek happiness from within, then you will find it without.
Happiness does not completely depend on comforts or opulence. Even a pauper can be happier than a prince.
All of us are in the manufacturing industry - manufacturing either our own happiness or unhappiness.
There is a good life. The goodnews is that you can live that good life. The good life is the happy life. To live this good life, be happy! A truly happy man is a good man.
Happiness is a journey, not a journey's end.
While I was yearning for happiness I became happy.
I had made it somewhere special, and I'd gotten there all on my own. Nobody had given it to me. Nobody had told me to do it. I'd climbed and climbed and climbed, and this was my reward. To watch over the world, and to be alone with myself. That, I found, was what I needed.
Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground
And when my days run out, I will have lived just a blink of time and the rest will be eternal joy.
Cuz even a gangsta rapper can find redemptionFor the sins committed before revelation.
If there is but one pearl of wisdom I have to impart to you, after all my observations here thus far, it is do not take yourself too seriously. Because when you get here, you might just find that you are not exactly who or what you thought you were.
Singing about being rescued will never get old. Never.
This place is just a trailer for a film, Brandon. Our lives here. Heaven is like the movie. Except there's only one trailer before the movie. And the movie won't ever end.
Create simple ways to prove the Divine exists in every aspect of your life and then make the choice to cast your gaze only upon those things that make your heart sing loudest.
Angels do walk among us. Sometimes the only thing we may not see are the wings resting upon their backs.
We are people-trees. Our roots are hidden in Earth .The branches spread out on Heavens.The fruits are our energy.Two different energies: The positive and negative ones.The balance of both carries the progress.Article by Author Katerina Kostaki :The Tree of Gnosis in the Garden of Eden
You can try to reestablish your connection to Heaven - the connection we all have available to us but have forgotten, or are afraid to use. Then trust the wisdom and guidance that comes forward.
They teach you, as children, that you might go to heaven. They never teach you that heaven might come to you.
This life is a wading pool compared to the ocean call eternity.
I do not look at myself. I have given up myself. I had to, you know, after the murder. That was what it did for me. And that was how everything began
Then, when I thought it couldn't get any better, I see it. And I knew, only then, that I'm truly in Heaven.
The river was beautiful and wise. There were the two of them being happy in a new way. For here, there was no man, no woman, no master, no yellow, no black, no white. We, we who were, we are the same no longer.
All bowmen are caught between heaven and earth, born to discovery, choosing to love and raise their eyes high to a future that is apparent only through the strength of their hope.
It is through love that the door to Heaven is opened on earth.
Dead and still in the world was worse than dead and in the ground. Dead in the ground at least gave you the hope of heaven.
And now it is time for my story to end, because we have finally reached the beginning.
Yeah, but what does that even mean... heaven? Because see, I need to be able to put him somewhere, Zo. In my head, I mean. I need to be able to close my eyes and picture him and know he's okay. And just saying the word heaven doesn't help that much. Because like what is heaven, exactly? And where is it? And what do you do there?
The kingdom of heaven in not a place but a state of mind.
Heaven's net is wide, but its mesh is fine
What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity? Our attitude toward it. Every opportunity has a difficulty, and every difficulty has an opportunity.
First steps are always the hardest but until they are taken the notion of progress remains only a notion and not an achievement.
Do not allow any discouragement in your soul.
Don't tell me how big my problem is, tell the problem how Big I am
There is always a mountain ahead, that must be conquered.
Getting older is inevitable--being old is a choice.
You have an inbuilt goodness. Why should you allow some poisonous elements to destroy that goodness? Protect your goodness by any means. Stay away from the toxic people.
I don't want to drain what little energy I have on hate, on envy, on blame. I'll need every last drop to better myself, so I can make what little impact I can in this world.
Problems forges you to be more refined person.
Through light, together, let us breed positivity as a lifestyle.
If we let all the negative roadblocks influence us then it's only a matter of time before we end up detoured, lost, or possibly stranded on the side of the highway. Our positive attitude keeps our battery powered and our gas tank full, so that we can make it in one piece to our destination.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Realize that "I Can't" usually means "I won't"!
Maintain a forgiving attitude!
And then I got what she was saying. In the paranormal world, everyone was your enemy.
I understand. I know about the women gathering at Lourdes, the visits worldwide. You are all staying at the chateau. There are no accidents, Lilli said.
Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day!
Never give in to the Darkness. The Light will shower you with gifts, until you let down your guard. The Darkness will only Overbear. Darkness overcomes, Darkness conquers. But Light Destroys.
He understood now why she was so much calmer, so much happier when he held her hand while they walked. When he first did that, she had looked at their linked fingers quizzically, but didn't pull away, even though she had been as skittish as a stray cat. limit.
And you are more than the mistakes of your youth. You are more than the label you've been assigned by people who might love you, but don't really know who you are anymore.
It is the afternoon of my birthday, but still the morning of my life.
Young people will always need mentors to guide and support them.
Youth is a time of tremendous energy. You should look at the possibilities, not the problems.
I could have blamed it on the intoxication of youth. Others might find fault on just intoxication. My parents would say that it was an act of plain stupidity. Reality would point out that it was Thursday night at college and the youth are prone to err.
Yes, it's important to inspire the next generation but let's not forget to inspire the now generation too.
Treasure the beauty of youthful life and the wisdom of adulthood.
Serving my generation with excellence will mean my generation can in turn lead with excellence.
When your youth is about to enter in old age it shouldn't wonder, what happened? it must say, well done.
Youth must triumph... now. Afterwards, it will be life.
With every breath, I breathe in so much of inspiration. I feel if there is one thing as free and as important as oxygen, it's inspiration.
There's a reason why I've spent one-third of my life doing this. My dream is to meet and connect 3 billion young people of the world to information and opportunities in my lifetime.
If you miss your bus, just start walking.
If one keeps on adapting, their contribution will be limited. Theycan only imitate but never create.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is just a little bit extra.
There are two powers in this world which cannot be matched. Beauty and Youth. Buy the beauty and imprison the youth. Give the best models, actress, and girls from town and nail them. I do not care how much it costs.
Yeah, I am crazy. Ok. May be I am. But I prefer to be crazy than being a dummy.
Ignoring somebody's mistakes in life from a powerful position makes you a saint, but the same act (whose intentiondoes not matter), if carried out from a weak position, will make you a coward or helpless.
You cannot earn $10 million. Nobody earns millions. You can rob, you can steal, or you can make $10 million in an IPO, but never earn so much. So just forget all this saving and consulting bullshit.
America runs on credit darling. Why do you worry, our credit will take care of this payment. It is not saving or cash in hand that matters. We do not need cash, we just need potential. The system in the US believes in potential. That isthe model of the future. You need not be born rich, but you should be in the league that can make it big.
Do not ridicule my effort. Everybody likes a comedian's company. That's why they give them tips after watching theshow, not their hard earned money for a mutual fund investment. Give him tips, not your heart. I guess youunderstand the difference.
What about young age? You will be miserable all through your 15 years to reach that goal of $10 million. After 50years, even if you pay a million to get back a week of your time at 35, you will never get that. Your beer will taste very different when you are at 50 from how it tasted at 30.
Never Give up Dreams
There are things you do sometimes, actions that you take by obeying sudden impulses, without stopping for even a fraction of a second to think, and then you spend the rest of your life either lamenting it or thanking yourself for it. They are rare, unique, and perfect moments.
You will always define events in a manner which will validate your agreement with reality.
You always have a choice. Choose to be splendid.
Today, I encourage you to consider your life, your values, and your relationships and consider who you are by the test of what you do. I invite you to re-affirm the values you hold dear and decide today to stand up for what you believe is right and good in the world.
I believe that the choice not to have a choice is a choice in itself
Danger is real, fear is a choice
Have a choice, learn the process and then go for the success.
Happiness is not a destination but a choice.
When you are in doubt and lost, to find the way, chose love.
Facing different options, you must always choose the one that makes you most uncomfortable, the one that creates a tingling feeling of excitement inside your body.
The worst choice you can make, is no choice at all.
I believe you can prove everyone wrong, too, Victoria. Your behavior is a choice; it isn't who you are.
If we actually thought about every decision we made, we'd be paralyzed ... You have to decide which decisions you're actually going to make, and then you have to let the rest of them go.
He didn't want the respect of people who weren't worth wiping his nose on-people who weren't worth the spatout gum attached to the bottom of his worn-out shoes. The only respect he wanted was from himself and the people who really mattered in his life. The people who really loved and cared about him.
It is easy to give without loving yet DIFFICULT TO LOVE without GIVING.After all Love is a Vern, it must be demonstrated genuinely.
Our hope is a word and world of proud, independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others, and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all: a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful Earth.
To listen to a person is not passive.
Nobody gives you respect in this life. You must take it, you must earn it, and then you must hold it sacred, because no matter how hard respect is to attain, it can be lost in an instant." I nodded my head toward the garrison. "Go get it, Roden. People won't follow a leader who doesn't know where he's going. Show them what you do.
It is easy to give without loving yet DIFFICULT TO LOVE without GIVING.After all Love is a Verb, it must be demonstrated genuinely.
If your self-respect's for sale, don't complain when someone tries to bargain.
Putting his head down on the dog's neck, he vowed to himself fervently that he would always have some money on hand, no matter what became of him, so that he would be able to protect all that was truly valuable from the practical people in the world.
I find it hard to respect someone just because they outrank me
True happiness will be there when we learn to respect and love our women.
When you can inspire others to dream, learn, evolve, and become one that they can appreciate and respect themselves; then you have arrived as a leader.
Someday find my son...tell him about how things can be between men on this Earth."--A Letter to Jesse Owens
Don't just do what is required, do what is respected.
The human heart is like the reflection on the water's surface. The mouth says things opposite to what the heart really feels.
Urgency means paying the details the attention they deserve, with the respect they deserve, without delay.
Think first. Think twice. Think again. Respect others. Respect yourself. Respect dreams.
I am committed to contributing to the educational growth of our youth.
We as humans tend to overlook lesser beings and things, but we should instead come to love and respect them.
A man should not be judged by his fame, power, or money, but rather by how much love he gives to others.
We should not take our 'Humanity' for granted. We should love and respect things as if they were ourselves.
Respect can only be given to those who have earned it by working for it.
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
The more you engage and connect, the more engagements and connections you will have.
The world is full of talkers, but it is rare to find anyone who listens. And I assure you that you can pick up more information when you are listening than when you are talking.
Listen with your eyes as well as your ears.
Listen with an open mind, gather all the incoming information, both verbal and non-verbal and be careful not to ignore things you don't wish to hear. Don't make assumptions or jump to conclusions. The punchline usually comes at the end!
If words are power then silence is superpower.
The magic moment in life is when your soul just connects with another soul.
If Patience is the Key of Success then Communication is the master key of it
Pausing gives us the opportunity to arrive at an internal place from which we can choose wisely what needs to be done or said, and then do so gently.
I find that often simple words say all that needs to be said in less time, using less energy, with all the details wanted- fully in tact. Love it.
Mankind's greatest achievements have come about by talking and its greatest failures by not talking. It doesn't have to be like this.
When it comes to words Mamma says, "If they are not good, then maybe they should not be said.
Your nature is not the problem. The problem is that you have become alienated from your nature -- from your power source.
Night never had the last word. The dawn is always invincible.
...I've discovered that if you want to reach yourtrue potential, it's much more effective to ignite a new passion forlife than to dwell on past problems.
I told you growing starts from the inside first, honey, and in that way, you've been growing like wildfire.
If you complain to someone, you assume that it's someone who really cares about you.
So Encourage Each Other and Build Each Other Up-Positive Connections.
Do not take to heart any ill-action.
Dismiss any doubt.
Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk.
It is GOOD to cherish your yesterdays; It is BETTER to dream your tomorrows; but it is BEST to live your today's! Remember to hold fast to your dreams, for if your dreams die, then your life is like a bird with broken wings that cannot fly.
It is important to note that a transitional phase has to be uncomfortable for you to move on to the next stage, lest procrastination stymies you.
It takes only an apostrophe to make the word impossible possible according to the word itself
If you're struggling uphill; carrying your heavy load; fighting to stay afloat or battling your demons, know that you are definitely on the right path, and ascending to the place where you will one day embody the legend you seek to become.
Do not, for one more minute, spend your precious time and energy on or surround yourself with people who are less than you deserve.
The sacred soul delivers the message of life.
We're not words...we're people. Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.
Your hope will never be cut off.
Let's not just reach for the stars, but become the stars everyone reaches for.
Encouragement is the engine of life.
Encouragements are persuasive words.
The opportunities far outweigh the disappointments.
The strong spirit empowers others to be stronger souls.
I am a great mother.
Be greatly encouraged!
Although there are things that just tend to rub you the wrong way too! Smile and move on your choice!
Don't be soo afraid to fall, that you don't even chase for success.
I think what doesn't kill you makes you a better human being. It opens your eyes, your heart, and your mind.
We are leashed by societal norms, defined by our willingness to conform, but limited only by our imagination.
Live life as an observer but not a spectator. Learn the rules, get in the game, break some rules. Live. Experience. There is no exhilaration to be achieved sitting on the bench.
people often ignore the misfortune of others, you see. The world is a heartless place but it's not always because they don't care. It's sometimes because the are embarrassed, or because they don't know what to say, or because they simply cannot beat ro look into the eyes of someone who is suffering.
The storm you face is your teacher. The experience you gain is your lesson. The life you make from it all is your blessing. Always remember, the teacher teaches a lesson that becomes a blessing. Embrace the storm and watch your life change as you utilize the lesson. Your better days lie ahead...just hold on!
In life, there are dreary, empty days and there are exciting, full days. You will experience both, for you cannot choose one above the other. May your full days be many.
You are a miracle, you are a light. You are not made of our weaknesses but of your strengths. You are a masterpiece made by The Master. Don't see yourself less!
Plan to make good choices.
A word of encouragement goes a long way.
You will never be able to do anything of true value without Christ. Apart from Him all things are meaningless.
No one can make you dwell on the past. Control your thoughts and actions! Make your own decisions! Just because someone keeps bringing up your past doesn't mean you have to accept it --- you are not obligated to accommodate their recollections of you.
I know you . . .That you hold insideVast possibilities and dreamsAnd limitless love.
Love is a strange creature that no man can understand
Today i am feeling proud that i have a greatest teacher. My encouragement my motivation and my leader is only one that is my teacher. From silent to talkative from dread to cheer all credit goes to teacher for their such a encouragement.
A great idea always begins with unbounded inspiration.
Life is not about being complacent, its all about being competent.
Till we recognize what's sick and messed up about ourselves this world is gonna stay sick and messed up.
Instead of waiting for the right moment, BE the right moment. You won't be ready for anything if you aren't ready to be you.
What would you think if I told you that, yes, your bad choices and decisions have had a part in your ending up under this pier, but beyond that, under this pier is exactly where you should be in order for a future to occur that you can't even imagine at this point?
If you can still write in spite of the fact that you're not getting paid, that nobody cares about what you're writing, that nobody wants to publish it, that everybody is telling you to do something else, and you still want to and you still enjoy it and you can't stop doing it...then you're a writer.
Throughout their lifetime, most women learn to be uncomfortable with their physical appearance. They create amask of makeup that is intended to fix their imperfections. They identify so much with this mask they reject their true beauty.Feminine Transitions encourages women to remove their masks and love their true selves, completely.
You are not a burden, an accident, or a mistake. You are meant for amazing things that you can't even imagine for yourself.
It's a good thing to see that people can heal after they've been broken, that they can change and become something different from what they were before.
It's lonely to say goodbye. Very lonely. Partings are the beginnings of new meetings. Beginnings happen because there are endings.Meetings. Beginnings. It's not too late.to believe in them after the fact.
Sometimes we have to inspire and encourage ourselves, through our personal narrative. And we start with what we know.
ALL EXCUSES must be FOUGHT by taking ACTION against the THOUGHT. ~ Author Mammy Oaklee
Josiah became King of Judah at the age of eight. Joan of Arc led the French Army at nineteen. King Tut led all of Egypt at age nine. Age isn't everything you think it is. Your heart and your spirit speak more than a simple candle count on your birthday cake. ~Tony (Exposing ELE)
Do you consider yourself a blessing or just another person?
If it doesn't challenge you, it will not change you.
Always be true to yourself and follow your dreams!
But remember, there's no greater gift than the present.
We cannot force the development of mindfulness.
The skill of mindfulness allows you to remain grounded in the present moment even when you face difficult stressors, so that your stressful feelings feel more manageable..
Sooner or later everything will turn to dust - except love
Mindfulness is a quiet mind, an aware mind. Mindfulness itself is not about 'arriving,' but about being.
A full-throttled deployment of the practices of strategic communication would kill candor and leave truth bereft to fend for herself in the backstabbing night of political bogeys.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child - our own two eyes. All is a miracle.
No ideals. No illusions. Just reality - but more perfect than you've ever imagined. That's what being mindful and living in the present means.
You have more power over your mind than you realize. The time to strengthen it is now.
He made me question what was, when for a whole lifetime up till that moment, I accepted the world's excuses.
I used to think that life was only about progress, getting to a destination, the final outcome. But this isn't quite right. Life is more of a process, and as much as goals are important, the in-the-moment experiences along the way are really where authentic living takes place. Running has taught me this. In fact, running has been my greatest teacher of life.
We are, all of us, always only one breath or softening of our thought away from an invasion of divine wonder and fresh miracles. Soul waits for any small opening of our hearts to steal into everyday life.
Now is the only time you have. Change is happening. Give up your desire to control the world
We should live every day like people who have just been rescued from the moon.
Judgement is poverty.
Mindfulness allows you to face the past with courage, whether it is scarred with pain or caressed with joy, and it gently holds you in the safe haven of the present without allowing you to become overwhelmed with what may or may not be waiting in the future.
I'll tell you a secret about storytelling. Cinderella, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty... were not perfect in the beginning. It's only a happy ending on the last page, right? If the princess had everything from the beginning, there wouldn't be a story. Anyone who is imperfect or incomplete can become the main character in the story.
A story-a true story-can heal as much as medicine can.
This was the first piece to the whole story-the beginning.
Inside every human is a story worth sharing. What's your story?
We are Living in the Last Chapters of Life... Find Your Purpose and make it the Best Story possible.
Every good love story has a start and a finish. What matters is what happens in the middle.
Our story begins at home, but it doesn't have to end there.
If you are reading this, you are still alive, and, therefore, the story is not over. Something else could happen.
I don't have a story," I said. "I'm still waiting for one.
That story you're scared to share --- that story has the power to change both your life and the lives of others.
It's not that I don't believe you," Peter managed. "I'm sorry. It's just that...it's only a story.""Perhaps." She shrugged. "And perheps someday someone will say those very words about you, Peter. What do you say to that?
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially. People thought I was a little strange.
We are the nation of human progress, and who will, what can, set limits to our onward march?
I was going to make him proud of the man I would become. I was finally going to chart my own course, rattle the stars, and then. Then I would deserve it.Deserve what?The way he used to look at me, like I was a hero, or something close to one.
Self importance is pride of a soul.
Turn your pride into love in order to fill your life with joy.
Its like people care more abput their pride than about what's correct, about the truth.
It's like people care more about their pride than about what's correct, about the truth.
His fists clenched at his sides. 'Damn it! Where's your pride?' 'Pride? It's in my heart, of course.' 'You're letting me demean you!' She smiled. 'You can't do that. I can only demean myself.
A gunslinger knows pride, that invisible bone that keeps the neck stiff.
She regretted nothing she had shared with her lover, nor was she ashamed of the fires that had changed her life; just the opposite, she felt that they had tempered her, made her strong, given her pride in making decisions and paying the consequences for them.
Take these things to heart, my son, I warn you.All men make mistakes, it is only human.But once the wrong is done, a mancan turn his back on folly, misfortune too,if he tries to make amends, however low he's fallen,and stops his bullnecked ways. Stubbornnessbrands you for stupidity - pride is a crime.
How wonderful! How wonderful! All things are perfect, exactly as they are.
I will not compare myself with others, nor them with me. I will appreciate myself and others for what I and they contribute.
Dad they think she has Down Syndrome." He smiled genuinely as his eyes welled up with tears. "That's okay. We love her.
You relinquish your power when you blame others for situations in your life. The blame does not change the situation and only keeps you in a victim mentality. Accept that the situation occurred and find a way to transcend it and you will reclaim your power and become the victor.
When you realize your life isn't heading in the direction you wish, rather than wasting time complaining about the situation, just focus on the direction you wish to proceed with determination.
End the eternal battle of beliefs once and for all. If you are a believer, love your fellow non-believer for all the good things he or she has to offer. And if you are an atheist, then love your fellow believer for all the positivity he or she possesses.
AUNT SHADIE:I see you - and don't worry, you're not white.ROSE:I'm pretty sure I'm white. I'm English.AUNT SHADIE:White is blindness - it has nothing to do with the colour of your skin.
Lovers moon and wishing stars are too busy for the likes of us.
When its the right time; it will happen - stop rushing! In my believes; this is the only idea to gather "tolerance" and ultimately it can lead to the final "P" of peace, that is PATIENCE!
the only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.. live wild dont be a normal person.. to become presence, means accepting the risk.. and be sure if u don't take risks u'll have a wasted soul..
Acceptance.Good and bad,Fortune and misfortune,Pleasure and pain,I want it all,Because it's mine.
And sometimes - to get what you want - you must be prepared to accept the apparently unacceptable.
Accept that you will not always deal with situations with polished sophistication but trust that you have the power and exercise the will to improve how you cope.
The goals of true education are to teach acceptance, tolerance, and nonviolence.
Being angry, resentful, or saddened by rejection can suck the sweetness out of acceptance.
What made her most beautiful, was the way she quietly touched those around her unknowingly changing the lives of the many, she smiled at. She didn't want praise; approval or admiration, she just wanted all of whom she loved to be the most authentic side of themselves & openly living to the means of their hearts & truth.
Accept what it, forget what was.
I've realized the quirky things that make you different are what make you beautiful
Whatever happens, love that.
There was no going back to the way things were, because all you ever got was the way things are.
When you focus on someone's disability you'll overlook their abilities, beauty and uniqueness. Once you learn to accept and love them for who they are, you subconsciously learn to love yourself unconditionally.
Acceptance means events can make it through you without resistance
When I accept myself, I am freed from the burden of needing you to accept me.
Throw your arms around the world and hold on tight. But not through fear ...but because of your love.
Some days we lose all at once and somedays we get all back at once. But either way,Accept it.
And each book has to receive your best effort every single time. No slacking. 
When I write I feel like I can breathe. It's like yoga for the brain.
A life lived outside of one's giftedness is a complete and utter travesty. It deprives the world of the beauty we each bring to our respective space(s). It leaves us all less fulfilled and enlightened.
Writing is a way of life.
To anyone who knows a writer, never underestimate the power of your encouragement.
Rain storms are destructive and renewing, I want to turn my bad days into rain storms.
If you have the chance to achieve, do it. Life is about taking a chance on something incredible.
...originality is little morethan the fine blending of influences.
Words exist in the smile on your face, the life in your eyes, the passion in your soul, and those beautiful and open enough to recognize it. THAT is a writers haven .
It's knowing what really matters, what it is you're chasing - or avoiding - and what makes you feel alive that propels you into a place where your beautiful soul can shine.
Let your light shine from the inside out.
We see and tell about the myriad truths of how the universe is and might be. That's what we writers DO.
A writer flirts with schizophrenia, nurtures synesthesia, and embraces obsessive-compulsive disorder. Your art feeds on you, your soul, and, yes, to a degree, your sanity. Writing novels worth reading will bugger up your mind, jeopardize your relationships, and distend your life. You have been warned.
Let you light shine from the inside out.
The first task of every author is to evoke emotion in their reader. You may laugh or you may cry; you may love me or you may hate me. So long as you feel something, I know that I'm doing my job.
Writers get to construct a magical world that readers can visit in thought and extend their stay with imagination.
The best kind of day is a writing day
Sometimes we dream of things that we've always wanted--of things that we have been searching for our whole lives without knowing it...and other times we wake up and know what we have to do. I have to write...so I do.
Ideally, love is unconditional; practically, it is more often the opposite.
He who spends too long regretting his ruined crop will be neglect to plant next year's harvest.
I think: perhaps the sky is a huge sea of fresh water and we, instead of walking under it, walk on top of it; perhaps we see everything upside down and the earth is a kind of sky, so that when we die, when we die, we fall and sink into the sky.
Suffering is tossed by handfuls over the multitudes, with most of it falling on some people and little or none of it on others.
No matter how much restitution she paid with every word and deed, her blood-stained hands could never really be clean, even if no one else knew they were dirty.
Life isn't fair," comes the voice of Nana. She has told me that a thousand times. "What matters is how you handle it." I'm going to handle it by winning.
My Greatest Failures has been My Greatest Success~
Many of us can't go home again, whether home is Seville, Cabo Sur, Nastas, Havana, or Kansas City. Thus, we must recognize that home really lies in the eternal peace, dormant or conscious, that dwells in each human heart... Quote from "Ms. Quixote Goes Country", a truthful novel.
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living in me and now I enjoy ever bit of my life and hope best for rest...something beyond lovelines from Love Vs Destiny...
If you doubt a man's ability, you limit their potential.
You are just like any another person until you try something different!
Stubbornness leads to strong will.
Do not forget to write your sacred book.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
It is better for you to take responsibility for your life as it is, instead of blaming others, or circumstances, for your predicament. As your eyes open, you'll see that your state of health, happiness, and every circumstance of your life has been, in large part, arranged by you - consciously or unconsciously.
Never allow carping critics to deter you from success. Instead, silence them with it.
Be original and don't be afraid to stand out. Never downplay your capabilities. Everybody won't believe in you and everybody won't rejoice with you, and that's quite alright. Self-motivation, self-love, and self-determination will guide you through. ALWAYS believe in yourself because that's what truly matters most.
I do not want peoples to miss me, They just remember me; is more than enough.
It's Better to Have Something Than Nothing..
If wishes were grains of sand, the world would be a desert.
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything.
I see a vision, its the vision of tomorrow,no force can stop it from manifesting, not even the sun nor the moon.
Focus on the mission.
Your obsession determines what you pay attention to. Your observations are limited to the focus of your mind.
It is not what you look at, but rather what you see that matters. Set your focus right.
Most people who lose their lives because life might be down for them only refuse to know what a tuber of yam that is put into the soil goes through before it comes up as a fresh green creeping plant to bear yet another bigger tuber
That was a thing of wolves; they could know the past and the future, yet keep their attention on the hunt. Could he do the same? Allow himself to be consumed when needed, yet keep balance in other parts of his life?
Entrepreneur, make today count but don't let the day count you. ~ Onyi Anyado.
When you focus on revenge, you're uploading only negativity to your system. You should focus on moving forward and enjoy the little things in life. For we know, that innocent smile of yours is a big obstacle in the eyes of the haters.
whenever we stop doing something, we start doing anything
Keep your focus laser-locked on what you want to create in your life.
Focus is the soul of success.
The first thing I would like to share with youhere is that when you help people, you don't waitaround until they say thank you because you didn'thelp them so you can hear appreciation.
One definition of success is achieving what your haters don't want you to achieve. Them wanting you not to achieve it means it's worth a lot.
The enduring life is the one that begins once we awaken from this world. And it is in that awakening that we realize. It was only a dream
Only he who asks the question, will be able to hear the answer.
If Allah wants to send me a message,he'll do so on the faces of my brothers and sisters.
The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, said: "My Companions are as stars. Whomsoever of them you follow, you will be rightly guided." When a man looks at a star, and finds his way by it, the star does not speak any word to that man. Yet, by merely looking at the star, the man knows the road from roadlessness and reaches his goal.
We are never going to get the results and take empowered action when our mindsets are in opposition to our desires
The true Entrepreneurship doesn't means to be your own boss, rather it is the thirst to follow your heart and work with the team of visionaries!
For every writer, there is a challenge of time that is only magnified in the solitude of the work.
We create our destiny by dreaming bigger than most people would think reasonable, by believing in ourselves more than most people would think sensible, by making decisions that most people would think illogical and continuing to act way beyond the point that most people would have given up.
An undaunted author, is the one who will succeed. There is no misfortune, that can dim their optimism.
Plan, prepare and grow. Repeat.
What most people don't realize is that when you decide to write and publish a book, it's not for stardom, or for fame, it's because you have a story that's inside of you that is dying to get out! You don't just come up with it one day, it's a thought that evolves into something unimaginable beautiful...
It doesn't matter what you look like when you see in the mirror, what matters most, is how you feel about yourself.
At one point in my life I was a disappointment. I have popped pills, drugs, cheated, lied, and killed. But, at this moment in my life, I am very successful because not one of those things describes my character.
Forgiveness is a highly yielding tool for success. The ROI in it never drops.
It doesn't matter if your life is perfect as long as your hair color is.
I AM NOT about making movies that would be forgotten. I want to make ONLY timeless classics. I don't care if it takes me ten years
Money doesn't make the things you need. People do.
He without inspiration and motivation exists no more in a world full of innovations and inventions!
If you are to become what you are meant to be, you have to first find your real meaning!
Toni's Talk: When you invest in yourself, you have instant credibility with your biggest critic...you! As soon as you let doubt creep in---you lose that investment. Make a daily commitment to assess your worth with positive affirmations and watch your investment grow.
All writing is rewriting.
The first step to Happiness is deciding exactly what kind of life you want. That kinda comes from experience.
Forget to smoke and drink alcohol. Start drinking the morning sunshine, pure breeze, and unconditional love. It is a much better way to get drunk.
i loved her, for she was beauty dressed in a selfless personality and the skin of unconditional love. A voice of truthful melody and eyes holding a vision so large, maybe, just maybe she was born to change the world.
Rules come from the mind and judgment.Values come from the heart,because of this,love has no rules,love only has values.
Her love... so unconditional, so unapologetic; reminds me that I am worth so much more than the standard I have set for myself.
Any time a stipulation on love is present, unconditional love is not.
When someone wants to give you a piece of their mind, ask them to give you peace from their heart instead.
There is no fear in love. Live with the foundation of LOVE in your heart and you will become FEARLESS.
If we could all love each and every person that crosses our path a little bit more, we could attain inner peace with the knowledge that many people on this planet would be hurting a whole lot less.
The only thing that keeps us from a place of joy is an illusion, the illusion of fear.
A soul must gain wisdom by gathering information in whatever way works best. It is impossible to force wisdom on another, because each person has a choice to determine how and if it will be received.
When two or more hearts unite, anything is possible.
Our personal stories of perseverance contain immense wisdom that can assist others in finding their way to peace and illumination during difficult times.
It is all for naught, if not for love.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
Enclose your heart in times of need with the steel of your determination and your strength. In doing this, all things will be bearable.
This general eclipse of ambition and determination and fortitude, all of the very qualities on which I have prided myself, is ridiculous, and, I must admit, somewhat obscene.
Do whatever you have determined to do.
The sun does not rise when you need it most. You rise instead.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
Failure doesn't define you. It's what you do after the failure that determines whether you are a leader or a waste of perfectly good air.
The path to success isn't measured in miles, it's measured in inches..
There is no excuse for failure when you gave up
Christine taught her that the world you inherited didn't have to be the world you left behind. Nothing was pre-determined. Not even No Man's Land.
When failure is hard to take, pain becomes unbearable and you don't see any way out. Hang on there, its darkest hour that indicates the advent of light.
I don't have talent, I have tenacity.
Without triers there would never be any successors
Without triers they would never be any successors
Fight fire with fire.
Take a chance and risk it all or play it safe and suffer defeat.
So, you've failed many times at many things. That's okay! Learn, grow, and move forward. With the right attitude and mindset, you can learn a lot from failure. Pay attention and keep on striving! You've got this!
Out of ten people that desire a girl, five people are actually willing to do something to win her heart and from this five, one already has the girl while the other has to fight to win her heart.
Difficulty is only a matter of the willingness to do.
Hope. It is the most important thing in the world. I believe that now more than ever. Hope is what saved my life, hope is what gave me the courage and the strength to carry on. Hope - that unshakable, golden belief that things can get better.
Kill them with success, and bury them with a smile
Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the reward in their error be that at least they cannot blame you because you did show your teeth.
A lot of people are capable, Neelkanth. What makes a capable person truly dangerous is his conviction.
Success is like sausage, you'd be surprised what goes into it.
I will either find a way, or make one.
You can only kill disappointment with a new try.
My own father had always said the measure of a man wasn't how many times or how hard he got knocked down, but how fast he got back up.
In the face of adversity, beautiful things emerge
You sorta lose the fear of failure when everyone thinks you already gave it your best shot and blew it.
When the will is strong enough, it is astounding what one's mind can do.
When we first begin fighting for our dreams, we have no experience and make many mistakes. The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and get up eight times.
If there's any girl in the world more determined than you, I've yet to meet her.
Embrace the pain to inherit the gain.
One of these days I'm going to put my body where my mind is.
A man's measure is his will.
The treasures of life is hidden in troubles.
One of the most lucrative privileges of an empty handed is the easiness to embrace wholeheartedly!
You don't have to wait for a storm to pass to paint your own rainbow.
Look for something good in each person, even if for some people you have to look a little harder.
Rise against every negative thought that rises against you.
If you're not there for yourself, how can you be there for others?
The truth may hurt, but fooling yourself will enslave you.
You can't imagine just how much believing in negative thoughts is affecting your life.until you stop.
Hang on! Don't give up.
Keep dreaming big. You have a great glorious future.
You can actually possess all your wishes.
Be determined enough to live for your dreams.
I meet many a man, working ridiculous house for a wage that merely adds to their happiness, and if man can be so pre-occupied in waking for another's dream; than my experience has taught me one thing, the magic of our world exists in those who create alchemy from the dirt they have been shoved upon.
Focus on good thoughts.Focus on wonderful moments.Focus on beautiful places.
What most people don't realize is that when you decide to write and publish a book, it's not for stardom, or for fame, it's because you have a story that's inside of you that is dying to get out! You don't just come up with it one day, it's a thought that evolves into something unimaginably beautiful...
Clearly state your goal, passionately pursue it.
Every action in the present defines future possibilities.
Imagination is destination.
If we don't fight, we've already lost. Without hope, without trying, there's no point.
Having something to fight for will make us stronger than anything they can throw at us.
We have all sorts of words that could describe us. But we get to choose which ones are most important.
I don't know what brings you up here, but to me the town looks prettier and the people look nicer and even the worst of them look almost kind.
If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all
It's funny how life moves in a complete circle sometimes. There might be lots of bumps in the road and maybe even a few cliffs, but it's a journey, and sometimes it can bring you to the most wonderful places.
People need hope Michael, as much as they need a leader. You and Gabe are the answer to both of those things. You'll lead the people of earth to victory and Gabe will give them the hope they need to keep going, Mirada said, her voice sensitive, yet unwavering.
You better hope she doesn't say a word," Gabe warned, lifting a finger to Uri's nose.Uri grabbed the finger laughing, "What are you going to do, cupcake? Seduce me to death, in all your sexy glory?""Just shut up," Gabe groaned, pushing the door shut in his friend's face.
Michael felt as if his heart might burst. With the death of the council he had felt as though he had lost everything that mattered to him, but here in his arms, he found the last piece of hope he had left in the world. We have to go back and help Gabe.
The thought of abandoning his friend to save himself was never an option. He collapsed, pushing even closer to Raimie. Pressing his lips against his friend's ear, he whispered, As good a day to die as any. He would defend them until his end.
The two sat quiet for a moment; Gabe unsure what to say to comfort his friend and Uri stewing in his own frustration. Damn it! It was a stupid plan! Uri swung an arm around behind himself and his bag being the nearest object in reach, swung it across the room with as much force as he could muster.
He didn't know Rachel very well, but assumed her behavior would be similar to most women he encountered. As soon as he stepped foot inside she would attack, not allowing him to get in a word. At least that was what he imagined.
He knew she loved him in that moment. Gabe never wanted to be part of the holy fight, but now he was, he was not about to lose.
I never thought of it like that. I always thought of you as a part of me, like my own eyes or my own hands. You don't go around thinking 'I love my eyes, I love my hands', do you? But think what it would be like to live without your eyes or your hands. To be mad, or to be blind. I can't talk about it. It's how I feel.
Sometimes, when something hurts us, our hearts break a little-in a slightly ... more literal way than for humans. Our pain sort of spills out and onto anyone around us. We call it a cracked heart.
.. I suffered with you. I hurt with you. I bled with you -not only because we're bonded, but because the love I have for you." ~ Eric Northman in Dead in The Family.
Love is the mortar that holds the human structure together.
Great beauty, great strength, and great riches are really and truly of no great use; a right heart exceeds all
To every woman waiting for her knight in shining armor, don't lose hope. He will come. In the mean time, don the armor, shine bright and be your own knight.
She was like a wound beneath an old bandage, and he had grown more used to the bandage.
I was stirred only like a leaf in the wind, that is all. . .
I'm Kieran. You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room,
A new day is born in gleaming fire, rippling pools of light racing in from the horizon. It is one of the most breathtaking sights you can see. And we miss every second of it. We only have eyes for each other.
Lost in the impossible pleasure of finding that soul and body that fits up perfectly to yours, lost in the starburst patterns that wait behind their eyelids when all that matters is that they are both here, now, for as long as they can be.
I tend the mobile nowlike an injured birdWe text, text, textour significant words.I re-read your first,your second, your third,look for your small xx,feeling absurd.The codes we sendarrive with a broken chord.I try to picture your hands,their image is blurred.Nothing my thumbs presswill ever be heard."Text
In the infinity and chaos that swirls around them, they have fulfilled their purposes: to live their lives with less suffering, to further humanity's forays into the inhospitable void, to love one another unconditionally, endlessly.
... you only know what I want you to know, you only see what I want you to see."...Wade: " I don't care! I am in love with your mind, with the person you are. I couldn't care about the packaging.
It's really difficult to pretend that you are happy when you actually are not in a state to face someone!!
I sighed immersed in a sleeping sea. A ripple that turned into waves and then storm, stirring and blending our troubled waters
It's not how long you see something. It's how you intensely you feel it"From Central Park Song: a Screenplay
Love never dies... when death is not the end.
Love Is Like A Plant.We Give It Attention,It Grows. We Ignore It,It Dies
You're saying we can write our own destiny, I said, feeling too jaded and stubborn in the moment to believe it. I am saying, he said carefully, that this is not the end of the story. Not the way I am writing it.
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
I have only one heart to give and one mind to lose. May I someday find a woman who will take them both.
It is inevitable plunge into your lookwithout falling in love
Falling in love happens many times in our lives. I'm looking on the bright side- I might be one heartbreak away from happily ever after!- Penelope Jones
If you want the world to be loving and peaceful , I'll give you my heart and soul. For the heart is a symbol of truth and caring
The thing with love is, you cannot choose who you fall for. Falling in love often happens at the wrong time, in the wrong place, with the wrong person. Just as much as you cannot stop growing feelings for a certain man, there's no switch to turn off your heart.
Maybe someday, I'd find someone who'd prove he really loved me. Someone who'd hold me rather than let me fall. Someone who'd never lie to me.
I had never seen eyes like his. Dark green. Smoldering. Ready to undress a woman with a single glance.
Wine?" I asked, ready to order."I'd rather have Sex on the Beach." He winked at me with a devilish grin.
Look for her not in the valleys below, nor in the temple rooms. For she has gone, gone into the high passes, far beyond this dying moon.
Winter reaches its peaknot when a great wind screamsfrom the top of its lungs, but when a lazy breeze whispers from the bottom of its heart
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
All of us might wish at times that we lived in a more tranquil world, but we don't. And if our times are difficult and perplexing, so are they challenging and filled with opportunity.
Nobody gets through life without facing challenges. What's important is how we handle them. Tough times can be excellent opportunities to grow and become a better person.
Some look at your strength and see an opportunity and some look at your weaknesses and see an opportunity .
Opportunity always knocks the door with hurdles. It's up to you either jump the hurdle to grab or owing to hurdle miss the opportunity .
What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.
I can say opportunity is the time, if you have it, you can get anything
Remember, every obstacle is also an opportunity.
Whenever we have opportunity to serve, we must serve with all our heart.
You may be smart, talented, and hardworking but if you do not know about an opportunity, you do not get that opportunity. At our offices, we are solving this problem for millions.
Change is an opportunity to grow. Change is not an adversity to fear.
Set a goal when you're ready for it, make a plan, and stick with it.
Every opportunity has challenges and when you overcome it, it turns to rewards.
Opportunities are like night owls. They like to streak naked and howl at the moon. A lot of success in life comes down to luck. So put yourself in a position to get lucky. Because you know what happens if you don't go out? Nothing.
Don't wait for the opportunity, create it.
Helping those less fortunate than us is a blessed opportunity to show thanks for the gifts of life that we ourselves enjoy.
We are the prisoners of conformity. To get out of this prison, education is the only door and only opportunity.
When you live life connected to purpose, you don't have to chase opportunities, they come to you.
Life is filled with endless opportunities.
Diligence and hard work sensitize you to recognize opportunity.
If you are still breathing, you are not a looser as you still have opportunity to bring change.
Every day, there is a golden opportunity just waiting to be discovered.
I think the reason I choose the comic approach so often is because it's harder, therefore affording me the opportunity to show off.
Through the trials and tribulations of life come the openness to receive greatness.
You just don't get it. The point I'm trying to make-the point you're deliberately ignoring-is that tomorrow it might all go away. You have to do what you want and take what you want now.
Do not wait for an opportunity to be all that you want to be.
I wanted to throw myself into an experience that was too big for me and learn in a way that cost me something
In the ashes of adversity, lies opportunity.
Wanting help, I reached out to serve. Seeking happiness, I smiled and offered comfort. Yearning for love, I showed love. And now I understand. My life was never about me, it was always about you.
Capture the sacred moment.
Life is sacred breath.
The sacred moment, cannot be substitute for either yesterday or tomorrow.
I am learning to appreciate the gift of the moment.
None of us really has any idea how many lives we touch or what impact we have on those lives. In most cases, we will never get to see whatdifference we made, but living out loud isn't about noticing the results. It is about doing what we came here to do, for no reason other than that it is our life purpose.
To me, the word wisdom means ancient knowledge. It's the kind of knowledge you not only see but feel when you look into the eyes of an elephant or stop for a moment to marvel at the deep wrinkles on its skin, both of which I believe contain the truths learned from each intentional step their feet and those of their ancestors have placed upon the earth.
While reason steers a man, it is faith alone that moves him
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do something, when all they need is one reason why they can.
All we have to do is understand that we're all here for a reason and to commit ourselves to that. Then we can laugh at our sufferings, large and small and walk fearlessly, aware that each step has meaning
What we accept as reality is primarily a construction of our imagination.
The reason that everyone has their own problem is everyone sees something in different side.
An elephant does not need to pick a fight to let the whole jungle know of its strength.
If rocks did not persevere under heat and pressure, they would never become diamonds.
When you're taught by great people whose milestone achievements has been noted, you could only expect greatness.
Virtues, talents and unique selling points are all what makes great people.
You become strong by lifting others up, not pulling them down.
A star will shine in the midst of darkness.A flower will bloom in the midst of dirt.A camel will flourish in the midst of doubt.A diamond will form in the midst of pressure.A champion will rise in the midst of hardship.
If you can strike the cord of consistency on the guitar of life, the world will dance to your music of greatness
Opportunity has got numerous appointments to keep, so it can't be held to ransom at your doorstep. Just a knock is enough for a man who is alert and expectant!
I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing
The greatest investment in life is the investment of unconditional love, as a profit you will get the greatest gift of life: happiness.
Plant the trees just for beauty,If flowers bloom or fruits ripen, Enjoy it as a gift and appreciate nature as a universal giver.
Life is a wave of love for a lover, a gift for a giver, a drama for an actor, and a canvas for a painter.
So many people are missing their way in life because they are afraid to sign the lease on their gift.
Helping others without any expectation and without gain is just as much a gift to yourself as it is to the person you give to.
Love is the most powerful gift we have to offer.
Time is the most precious gift you can give to someone, because if you give someone your time. It's a part of your life that you will never get back.
Make no excuses for the devils that will not excuse you of their burdens, Miss Crane." - Darien Nicodemeus; Chapter Sixteen - The Giant's Return
Sometimes it's like that in life too. We look into a past that no longer exists, looking as if it's real. We hold onto things in our life that there's no reason to hold onto anymore because, unlike the stars, they don't bring us beauty, they bring us pain.
Each day of your existence ready's itself for your impact
It is in the little moments that we live the longest. Everything else is existence.
Some stories are rooted in adventure, some in strife. Others are born of the heart, and the horrors and the joys locked therein are often immeasurable, and make us truly wonder what became of those children we once were.
Believe in Eternity, believe in childhood, believe that the beauty of innocence lives on and on and on. I know it does.
We're celebrating our freedom. We're celebrating our ability to be kids when everything is trying to take that away from us. It's a choice, Ty. We can do whatever we want.
Often, under the layers of our maturity is a child's insecurity screaming for love and attention.
I puked rainbows all over my childhood, and it felt so good.
The art of living. Isn't that a funny expression?
A preserved childhood is better than a repaired adulthood
Never stop screaming, playing and laughing, it's part of our childhood wich will always be with us.
I think loving someone, despite what people think, is FEARLESS. <3
I want to see your dreams, he explained. I want to share them with you, and have you share mine as well. I don't want them hidden in a book. I want them lived together, even-no, especially--when that's hard.
She is a prisoner on the stage as her eyes dart from her notes to the awaiting guests. She cannot leave. She has to live out each excruciating moment. She can no longer feel why it was important to do this in the first place. Her mind has become a Holocaust survivor, just grasping at life, trying to see it through in the paltry way that it exists right now.
The truth had been said but evil had been done.
Your poetry--it doesn't deserve to be locked away, hidden from the rest of the world. And neither do you.
And today is really the happiest day of your life, because today you woke up and stumbled across the shadow of your soul in broad daylight."From Central Park Song: a Screenplay
Every night she breaks your heart, and yet every morning you love her more. If that's not enough, nothing will be!
people say I'm running back to the thing that broke me, yeah he did, but I picked myself back up, now it's about fixing him.
Tell me about your life since I last saw you." | "There are no great mysteries to tell. My path is always ther, and I do everything I can to follow it in a dignified way." | "What is your path?" | "The path of someone seeking love." | "And love's path is really complicated." | "Because on that path we can go either to heaven or to hell?
Love deeply, love passionately.
A nation forgetting its own laughter is in a sad state of affairs
I didn't say a word. He wouldn't be using oxygen. K2 is more dangerous than Everest.
He doesn't teach you what to think, he teaches you how to think
Heaven is freakin' not ready for me!" - seven-time cancer survivor Dionne Warner in Never Leave Your Wingman
You're actually each other's wingman. You never leave your partner vulnerable." - Graham Warner, husband of fun-loving seven-time cancer survivor Dionne Warner
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops, and that's true. What they don't tell you is that when it starts again, it moves extra fast to catch up.
Karl stood up and pointed at the large portraits on the wall. He swept the room from George Washington to Ben Franklin to John Adams to Thomas Jefferson. Soldier, Printer, Lawyer, Scholar. You become a politician because the people make you one, not because you desire to be one.
If America is to be strong in the future, Americans must see America as home, not divided by race or region. Build American jobs for the future and come together with compassion to solve problems.
With all the fucked up things going on in the world, just the fact that we can wake up in the morning is kind of a miracle.
He who runs with the platypus is no more a man than he who swallows chesnuts
There is a story I always tell my students...when I came for the 1st time to the US. I didn't speak English (Only Spanish) & I saw on every door the word exit which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they open leads to success
[Martin Luther King] said that little black boys and little black girls would be able to join hands with little white boys and little white girls as sisters and brothers. Then he reminded both those spectators before him and all Americans that this hope of his, this faith, was rooted in the promise of America.
France is to me the heroine in the romance of all the nations of all time. This feeling was born in me years ago when I read how her noble sons had defended America in its cradle. Today I am proud that I am one of the millions who will come to save our heroine from the clutches of the villain from across the Rhine.
If chess has any relationship to film-making, it would be in the way it helps you develop patience and discipline in choosing between alternatives at a time when an impulsive decision seems very attractive.
Fuck rational thought
Not even you can reach me here, Carmen thought.
We will always think about a change of attitude from others. Will we ever think about the same in ourself?
Don't bother about those who can't understand you, because they don't deserve you for what you are.
Small changes in thought can bring massive changes in life.
Stretched by an idea, we can aspire to new heights, new ways of thinking.
No matter where you are, you are just one thought away from happiness. Forget everything; just think about happiness and everything will change.
Developing your unique thought to the level of being appreciated and adopted by the world - that's genius.
When I think good thoughts, I feel that man is not, after all, so bad.
 Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose.
Most of us will die twice; Once when we take our last breath, and again when the world forgets your name.
If seen from the outside, our lives are like leaves from the trees that seem to just feel the blows of the wind outside. But they have their life of their own so long as they are attached to the tree. An eye of introspection can make miracles happen for each one of us.
For a moment she rediscovered the purpose of life. She was here on earth to grasp the meaning of its wild enchantment and to call each thing by its right name
Live conscious of every moment and the wonder available in it.
Selfless Actions; expand our life outside of us, enable us admired leaders and make our actions that live beyond our lifespan.
Love can only live and thrive in love.
There is nothing more powerful than this moment your living, now, more powerful than your convictions and truths, spend time with what your heart desires and souls screams for. Life ends a day before we know it, it's so important to chase everything that matters to you.
To live forever, die in the service of others.
Don't forget to breathe deep from your gut and attempt to see every day as the ultimate last one. Live in it like it's your last interactions, last experiences, your last time in the sun, and tomorrow comes.
When you're looking for successNever forget to live in happiness.
Happiness depends not on what happens in your life, but how you live your life.
I think the bravest people are not the ones brave enough to die. But the ones brave enough to live.And living is different with surviving.
Live in the moment... where everything is just right, take your time and limit your bad memories and you'll get wherever it is you're going a lot faster and with less bumps in the road along the way.
If she is to love life and freedom and be brave then she must learn to let go. To see beauty without clinging to it, to feel pain without holding it hostage, and to feel love without worry of losing it.
The doors to parenthood are accessible to all who know the codes and have the right keys.
It is comic that a mentally disordered man picks up any piece of granite and carries it around because he thinks it is money, and in the same way it is comic that Don Juan has 1,003 mistresses, for the number simply indicates that they have no value. Therefore, one should stay within one's means in the use of the word "love".
There is no way to clearly capture or sum up life...when fully lived.
Life depends on, how much you're alive
I don't live to work. I work to live. Before I die, I know I lived.
If i get a second chance to live, i'll rise much higher than i ever dream
Love works in mysterious ways,
Stop living within the confines of how others define you! You weren't created to live their life; you were created to live yours - so LIVE it! You can reignite that fire within and bring the passion back into your goals, dreams, ambitions, careers, and relationships by reclaiming control of your own life. Be unapologetically YOU!
Believe me, You will surely see the light. even if you are in a darkest room though, It will go in through small holes in your room.
Do you love to live or live to love?
How can we be so arrogant? The planet is, was, and always will be stronger than us. We can't destroy it; if we overstep the mark, the planet will simply erase us from its surface and carry on existing. Why don't they start talking about not letting the planet destroy us?
Earth rejoices our words, breathing and peaceful steps. Let every breath, every word and every step make the mother earth proud of us.
It seemed everything that had ever lived and died in this world had passed through here, had left its indelible imprint.
The 'all-for-me-and-only-me' mentality is the most destructive force on earth.
It was a little thing, a baby tree, but still it tangled with things around it and required care to move. And when she pulled it out, it's roots still clung to Earth from it's old home.
Thank you Earth for I've never known a better friend
Earth does not need you, you need the earth. To save yourself, save the earth.
I realized up there that our planet is not infinite. It's fragile. That may not be obvious to a lot of folks, and it's tough that people are fighting each other here on Earth instead of trying to get together and live on this planet. We look pretty vulnerable in the darkness of space.
I am a living soul dwelling on a planet that is afloat in a universe radiant with life. I feel so small and at the same time so uniquely privileged to partake in that inconceivable mystery.
Simply stated, earth is a school-a divine educational process custom-fit to each of us.
The Earth was singing her revolution. She was calling her brave men and women to her defense.
The earth reflects the sky and the sky meets the earth and, every now and then, if we're lucky, we have a moment to see how small we are.
Be open minded to the empowering nature of being alone.
I'll never stop wandering. And when the time comes to die, I'll find the wildest, loneliest, most desolate spot there is.
Sometimes the stage terrifies me, I confessed. But being here alone like this, it's freeing.Solitude can be freeing, he said.
The most important thing is to hold on, hold out, for your creative life, for your solitude, for your time to be and do, for your very life.
Slow down. Take note of the present.
If you are willing to wait, you will get what you want.
Don't be quick to get angry.
Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress you.
Patience and propriety. It was the only graceful thing to do.
Sometimes you have to go through the worst, to get to the best. Keep moving forward. Be patient.
Patience creates a platform for deeply intimate communication. This platform tests our ability to listen, our willingness to be kind, and our strength against loss. This is the platform in which the most authentic types beauty can be exchanged.
Where I am at, is not actually where I am at. Where I am at is merely a point on the path to where I am going.
I want all my drems to come true,But for that I have to keep patience and burn the midnight oil.
Love never fails. Character never quits. And with patience and persistence, dreams do come true
You can't think about how much you have left to do because that's just one thought, one sad thought, that'll make you bummed out all day long. Instead you've got to think about how much you've already done.
Lightning strikes the earth and thunder heralds the doom but the earth bears it all in silence, teaching us that life may be harsh to us but we shouldn't be so to life.
Peace is a product of both patience and persistence.
Grant me the wisdom to know when to keep trying and when to stop wasting time, the patience to keep going with the 1st, and the courage & serenity to let go of the 2nd.
And like a colorful bloom of temporary lights in the sky, you will shine.
He who coordinates his thoughts with his actions controls his own destiny. ~ Amunhotep El Bey
Not like others? You may be inspired differently. Be bold, step out, follow YOUR intuition, no matter how sedate or impossible it may appear
Inspirational people weren't meant to be enablers. They were meant to empower!
If you really want to understand life, you have to stop pointing fingers at others and begin to understand every aspect of your life and see how it shapes in different ways.
I'm a lover not a fighter. But when I have to fight, I fight to win. There cannot be another outcome.
Don't be so hard on yourself. Be perfectly okay with being who YOU are. Fully embrace yourself, flaws and all. Love yourself right where you are. Strive to do better, but don't beat yourself up for every shortcoming that you may have. Be brave in your journey! Hold your head up high, and keep moving forward.
When you choose to let go, you discover more about who you are and what you want out of life, and then you go for it!
Things that are too easily achieved don't inspire anyone.
Every morning, the rising sun invites and inspires us to begin again.
It's nice when you can ride the inspirational wave, but as a writer, you'll also find how fast you can lose that wave. You must persevere.
Life showed my her back and I touched it's ass
Act NOW on those ideas! As they say, you snooze you lose. Or as I say, if you BEGIN you WIN.
Dreams do come true, but first you must dream.
Some people build houses, buildings. I don't. I build stories. ~ Ryan Mark, Author
How you react when your back is against the wall will determine if you see what's actually over the wall.
We usually expect too much from people. Often we judge them based on their actions even as we judge ourselves based on our intentions.
What the average call excellent, the excellent call average.
A friend is he who can feel your heart's beating and dance with it when it is joyful, cry with it when it is torn, and inspire when it is in need.
If your vision inspires others to see their dreams and your actions motivate them to realize it, then you are a leader.
A leader creates a new way to success for followers and inspires them to follow him toward the ultimate purpose.
My role as a role model is to teach my generation how to excel in the role of distinction.
It's not the application that is stopping people from using timeless knowledge passed on to us, it's the acknowledging part.
I dare to dream a dream, for tomorrow I shall make it my reality!
Greatness is unleashed when you develop faith in the power of your faith.
you dont have to follow trends, you should set them, because there are too many 'her's and 'him's but there is only one 'you' 
If you want to get the best out of people, ask them for help rather than assigning them work.
Spending a few moments right when you wake up to inspire and motivate yourself can make all the difference in the rest of your day.
My life is never perfect, but life is always a beautiful thing. I choose to see the beauty out of it. I choose to make it wonderful. I choose to love life and it loves me back in return. I may only have one life to live, but if I do it right, once is enough.
Be careful who you make memories with. Those things can last a lifetime.
My courage is faith--faith in the eternal resilience of me--that joy'll come back, and hope and spontaneity. And I feel that till it does I've got to keep my lips shut and my chin high and my eyes wide--not necessarily any silly smiling. Oh, I've been through hell without a whine quite often--and the female hell is deadlier than the male.
Cometh the hour, cometh the man.
A hundred times I must have thought of ways to take it back, but I wasn't smart enough to understand that an apology is a sign of strenght, not weakness (...)
Why does it seem that the church is more interested in people involvement rather than people engagement.
If we tune into the Holy Spirit, our congregations will tune into the worship.
Service is the highest form of worship.
We live in a world that worships limitations
Never a failure,always a lesson
Today is a brand new beginning for me!
Some people come to the edge of the cliff and they look over, then run away in fear. They never realize it's possible to fly, to soar, to be free. They spend their lives crawling along cliff tops without finding the courage.
The minute you begin to do what you really want to do, it's really a different kind of life.
If you can make one person listen to you, you can make the world Hear you.
I've never known any trouble than an hour's reading didn't assuage.
No-one will be able to make us believe that man is a sublimated animal once we can show that within him there is a repressed angel.
Time that is spent dwelling on the past will surely continue in your present moment - and the future.
We(humans) have immortal capabilities, its just that we take them for granted.
Being not perfect is not about making mistakes and saying I'm sorry, but! its about learning from it and then being perfect for not making the same mistake again.
winning = adaptation and one step forward to take the prize
Back seat only works if you have a great driver!!! Either hire the right one or take charge and drive!!!!!
Justification of failure is the most powerful mechanism adopted by the mind to avoid the reflection of Self Failure
Make money, we are no longer in barter system. If you don't want it, then donate it, but MAKE IT!!!!
The most powerful way to maintain a steady supply of inspiration and unconditional peace is to find and pursue your calling.
Life isn't all about how rich, 'successful' or even intelligent you are, it's all about what impact(s): you've made; you're making or that which is glaringly evident you are going to make.
Human moments are brief, value them when they happen.
If time stood still for a moment, what would you be grateful for? And will it be enough to allow time to have meaning when it begins?
What could you achieve if you took the energy you spend on things you cannot change and invested it in things you can.
Self-belief is not self-centred. We can only fight effectively for others if we already believe in ourselves.
The masses often let themselves down and even those at the forefront who are hoisting the flag of the cause that is intended to alleviate their miseries.
No matter who you are, your life is an unwritten story.
The words of the twenty-third Psalm had come back to her, verses Mutti had helped her memorize as a young girl--Elise Neumann
Life is beautiful mess...and I am tangled...though I am the spider but a stupid one. Cheap I am by name, views and actions.
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else
Like a splendid mosaic of myriad colors, she in all her hues of sensitivity would paint her feelings in your mind's gray skies. She was the butterfly making you run after her. She was the Zahir, a mirage that transcended borders and time-zones.
Never discount your dreams; for they, after all, are yours.
The fire that hollows us out is what allows us to be filled with strength and power where before there was none.
Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
You will not get hurt unless you will give the permission.
Let's face it. you become a deeper person amidst adversity. You become a more perceptive, strong, resilient person when life is not handed to you on a silver platter held by a butler.
Go somewhere people only dream of in their most wildest imagination.
A little step every day makes you reach your final destination. Don't be hasty, take it easy your ultimate goal is just a few steps away.
Everything's possible and nothing's not.
Work hard, play hard, love hard. <3
I've reached that point in my journey, where there is more scenery in the rear view mirror than there is roadway ahead, I now have the time to write. I would rather hit the end of the road at full throttle than coast to a stop in the sunset.
Nobody can inspire you except yourself.
So what if you believe it can't be done. Stop trying to prevent those who do believe from reaching for the stars.
To be loyal, it will require a dedication only you can provide. And when you begin to feel withdrawn, it may be that your passion, in your dedication, has run its course.
A great "Mind" does not prove anything, his/her work speaks volumes.
I will find my wayI can go the distanceI'll be there somedayIf I can be strongI know every mile will be worth my whileI would go most anywhere to feel like I belong
Ohana means family, family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten.
You are what you read because your mind is the sit of your knowledge acquried
I have found my today because my tomorrow has already come.
It's not how many people you reach -- It's how many people you inspire.
If you want success, then be your own success story.
PS. Docendo discimus. (Latin. By teaching, we learn.)
I succeed in life by being passionate about my dreams,
Hard work and determination-that is what will get you closer towards accomplishing your goal.
It is not the fault of the stars that they shine brightly, but the fault of our eyes that they cannot handle light.
It doesn't seem right or to serve any purpose at all...but, if there's one thing I've learned in my life, it's that even when nothing makes any sense to us, there's still a purpose. And as hard as it is at times, we have to believe that and let it carry us through.~Rayad
We are all an instrument with a special notation to our individual identity. When you incorporate many beautiful notes together, you envelop a harmonious orchestra.
All these moments of sadness, of discomfort, of pain shall pass. The suffering you experience today will make you stronger for your tomorrows to come. You will be better. You will be Great . You will be happy and well and a success. You will finally touch the heavens that you aspired to
Stars are not praised for shining during the day, but at night.
It is not important how they treat the most privileged (or most famous people) [in a country], but how they treat the less privileged ones.
genius is 1 per cent inspiration and 99 per cent perspiration
There's no blade sharper than the truth under the Sun, it's enlightens the mind, releases the captives, condemns the guilty and spares the innocent; it's the only weapon a hero ever needs to fight a war, the one which is conducted without a need of any Iron blade!
Never give up from problems because your problems make you stronger and experienced..
LEXI: I feel like I belong here. Hell, maybe I always did belong, and I just needed to leave to see how good I had it. This place is home, and I love my job.......Maybe that means the big city defeated me.....RYDER:Nah, you just figured out what you want. There's no defeat in that.
What happens after death is so glorious that our imagination, our feelings do not suffice to form even an approimate conception of it. Memories and Dreams,Carl Jung
Discipline yourself so that all expectations, and inspiration, begin with your core values before relying on someone else's to better your life.
You can rewire your brain and reinvent your life at any age
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as in being able to remake ourselves.
When limitations breaks ,multiplication sets in. Brimekonsult
....They're called "better halves" for a reason, I guess. You can't have one half that's worse than you. It'd be a disaster.
To make my body a temple pureWherein I dwell serene;To care for the things that shall endure,The simple, sweet and clean.To oust out envy and hate and rage,To breathe with no alarm;For Nature shall be my anchorage,And none shall do me harm.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
Sometimes great things are best to unleash.
Not every day is beautiful. But there is beauty in every day.
why love tomorrow when you can love today.
Writing is the most powerful weapon on earth.It can change minds and stir souls.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves
and something about the stillness or my state of mind reminded me of the world's remarkable capacity to carry on in every place at once.
...for every type of idea someone can have - no matter how weird or strange or gross or out there or disturbing - there is at least one person out there who enjoys that kind of idea, and the best part is seeing a book work its way to that person.
Our thoughts and emotions strain our life force, drain our energy, carrying us away, cutting us from the people we are with and the beauty of places we are in.
Go somewhere or go nowhere, the choice is yours.
A corrupt dies a thousand deaths. An honest, just one.
Money doesn't change men, it merely unmasks them. If a man is naturally selfish or arrogant or greedy, the money brings that out, that's all.
The best way to deal with your past is not to avoid thinking about it or trying to forget it, but to accept it happened, forgive yourself and move on.
Soul mates don't finally meet somewhere at a certain place at a certain time, they're in each other, all along.
Cinderella never asked for a prince. She asked for a night off and a dress.
No matter how your dreams are impossible if you keep in dreaming, your wishes will come true.
No one creates a perfect resume on their first try. Writing a perfect resume is a messy process, but the easiest way to start is by simply getting in the right mindset and putting pen to paper.
And to my soul mate, who has been with me all along, but is absent from my side.
And to my soul mate, he raises his glass, who has been with me all along, but is absent from my side.
Don't depend on anyone as your own shadow leaves you in darkness.
No, that I love you. I love you, Isabel Marie Nichols, and I have since the first day I watched your golden blonde hair dance in the sunlight. That day, you became mine.
We finish our own story. The details of our journey are still a mystery.
Read something no one is reading, think something no one is thinking, and do something no one is doing.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
Mental energy is powerful. Direct its strength towards our positive aspirations rather than empowering unsubstantiated fears.
You never walk alone when you have yourself by your side.
When we challenge ourselves with goals requiring us to stretch beyond previous accomplishments, we become more sensitive to our true potential.
Be contented as what you are even if it is big or small, great or not, 'cause it's still a blessings.
Think it, Believe it, Prepare for it, then give all you have to DO it!
Sometimes the hardest thing within doing something challenging is deciding to commit to do it.
There are realistic limitations, but it's the unrealistic ones that are malignant to our potential.
If we head in the direction of our dreams and accept the winds and rains that will test our resolve, we can experience the deep satisfaction of looking back upon the path of a life well lived.
The journey may be more important than the destination.
Overtime, your actions betray your heart.
I don't care what people say, I mind myself as who and what I am 'cause I'm born this way.
Try to smile, everything will be fine.
You can always trust the man who died for you.
I think a part of me wanted to keep them, because it was a sign of my journey--where I'd been and how far I'd come. But, I don't need the physical reminder." ~Holliday
To move ahead...you must grab the bull by the horns and start living your life. Stop living and doing everything for others and live it for yourself!
who ever play with play will cry with play
I am asked - and I'm speaking to young Canada now - are there rewards in public life? There are - not monetary but there is a tremendous satisfaction in being able to say I tried, I stood.
In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, most Merciful. Praise be to AllahThe Cherisher and Sustainer of the Worlds: Most Gracious, Most Merciful; Master of the Day of Judgment. (First Chapter from the Quran, Al Fatiha, which every Muslim prayer contains and begins with, but in Arabic)
It's all part of it, man.
I write because I love to play with language.
We cry when something is sad. Then we often shed a tear when something's beautiful as well. When something's funny or ugly, we laugh. Perhaps we are sad when something is beautiful because we know that it won't last for ever. Then, we start laughing when something is ugly because we understand that it's only a joke.
Don had made a fewer mistakes and learned from every one of them
Treat your anger with the utmost respect and tenderness, for it is no other than yourself.
Adjusting to life's changes may be difficult and something you may not be looking forward to experiencing. Be gentle with yourself and you will find clarity on all levels of encouragement in places and by people you least expect. Remember as it has been said before: This too shall pass!
I will find a way, or I will make one.
Trying Will Not Lead Into Actions, You Have To Do It
Happiness Is When Your Heart and Soul Are Walking Hand In Hand
The Essence Of Success Is Leading Your Business & Life From The Heart
Smart entrepreneurs know when they are wrong and they are successful because they recognize what they did wrong
All good writers are weird. Proudly weird.
Because it's not muscles that make men strong. Secret do. The more secret you keep, the stronger you are on the inside.
Why are you here? To shine... just shine
Fear uncovers the impossible, while faith reveals the possible.
Study me in my slow and patient demise. Watch what happens to me. Learn with me.
YESTERDAY's lessons should be implemented TODAY for a better TOMORROW.
When we make the unfamiliar familiar,make the unknown known,make the uncomfortable comfortable,and believe the unbelievable, we can then expect the unexpected.
Life is beautiful...but occasionally it could use a bit of makeup!
Where there is humility, there you will find true humanity
I am the queen of mediocre , the king of nothingness
If you suffer misfortune . do you damnedest to ignore it. Wallowing in what-might-have-beens and what-could have-happeneds will only keep your emotional wounds festering.
Fear is a state of mind. There is nothing real about it. Welcome it in, 60 seconds passes, and as your guest politely ask it to leave. It will leave every single time!!
You can get your time and your life under control only to the degree to which you discontinue lower-value activities.
Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can only see as far as the headlights but you can make the whole trip that way.
Maybe every once in a while we can take a break from doing everything faster and quicker to reflect on who we are and where we are going.
I want to question societal norms, encourage people to think in new ways.
The fox is answering the Little Prince's question. What does that mean . . . tame? asks the Little Prince. Itmeans to establish ties. One only understands the things that one tames. Men have no more time to understand anything, they buy things all ready made at the shops, but there is no shop anywhere one can buy friendship.
it is, just a door.if you never knock,it may, never open.
Make an impact ..make a substantial impact !''-Dalia Qutob
Life is not as easy as just picking a wild flower and calling it a rose,it is more tasking in the event that the very simple things on earth may overcome our finger's manipulative capacity and dexterity, that it cost us a lot
Sarah in the City of Moon' is about building bridges not walls.'-Fida Qutob
Don't stop writing until someone pries the pen from your cold, dead hands.
To awaken within the dream is our purpose now. When we are awake within the dream, the ego-created earth-drama comes to an end and a more benign and wondrous dream arises. This is the new earth.
Lets be children forever ..live in their spirit altogether''.-Fida Qutob
The problem with baggage is that it affects other people's trips.
Recognizing Nothing as one's true nature, following the guidance of our conscience - having a clear distinction between absolute and relative values, and using the Earth as the external absolute scale that matches the internal absolute truthfulness.
When two or three are gathered in unison, when all awareness is in total harmony, something magical will happen.
You can be a loser all the time; but if you feel yourself like a winner, you will be a winner
We only live once. Well we might get to live more than just once but we don't and wouldn't know a thing about it even if we do. Therefor we should live our life to the fullest in this life time
Sarah in the City of Moon is a children's book debating humanity, tackling questions such as: are conflicts taught or are they innate? - Dalia Qutob''Children are the best Legislators of the law and bylaw of love.''-Dalia Qutob
Life is a mystery to be experienced, not solved.
I have been waiting for many lifetimes to recognize that I am worthy and in one brief conversation I learned that I am simply because I was born. Worthiness is not earned, it is given as a result of birth.
We only get what we can deal with."The real voyage of discovery consists...in seeing with new eyes
Make your choiceMake your dreamsYou will find your wayAnd those will come true (Insya Allah)
I started living when I learnt to be patient with myself and others, I have learnt to forgive myself and others and I have learnt to continually cheer myself when the going gets tough.
Wherever you go, wherever you stay - there is eternity.
It's only pain which leads us to achieve something special.
People cry not because they're weak, they cry because they've been strong for too long.
When the Creator touches the Creation, the Creation becomes creative.
To the determined mind, nothing is impossible
Celebrate your life, this is your only life.
Never give up hope. If you do, you'll be dead already.-- Dementia Patient Rose in The Inspired Caregiver
Poetry is not the opinion stated. It is a song that appears instead of a bloody wound or a smiling mouth.
Every little action of the common day makes or unmakes character.
What if it were possible or even entertaining, to recreate and transform one of the old myths and infuse it with a different meaning?...Imagine being guided by your mythology that it is better to thrive and prosper, than just to survive.
Finding your bliss can make survival seem like. And a strange thing happens along the way when you love what you are doing: you become good at it.
Humor is the honey in my tea.
He (Daedalus) would follow that bearing, the sun on his shoulders and the past slipping away.
You need to own the treasures you find in your soul.
No one can see your visions and dreams as clearly as you can. Purpose is the key to creation manifested through vision.
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on.
Sophisticating meat eating doesn't make it any less savage.
No matter how scary the road ahead may seem, never be afraid to chase your dreams.
I haven't failed,I have just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
People that you meet, are pebbles in your river, but those that you hold true shall follow your current, like a leaf atop a stream. The boulder that blocks your path however, you just have to be willing to climb, or break it down with time.
Don't be afraid of failure because failure can help you achieve your goals.
The divine light of our hearts will brighten the days of darkness.
Live life to the fullest
We have to forgive to survive in this labyrinth [of suffering]
We need never to be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken.
The ultimate test of a transformational leader is the ability to raise up a new generation of leaders.
Moments have fallen from your eyes, like tears written in the wind. There, on the river of knowledge, where you live from your memories.
Happiness is learning to cope with stress effectively.
Like the bees, we are - only looking for sweet honey in the flowers, we are -sensitive and at the same time carefully;but we never destroy them.
What you misplace today, will misplace you tomorrow
So sad is this that nigh to all are ignorant to the pain and death caused by the hands of evil.
The first and the last steps on the ladder of life are the most insightful.
Education Is the key to life don't let anyone stop you from reach your goals. Because everyone have potential to accomplish their #1 Goals.
Everyone should follow his predetermined path.
Which would be worse- to live as a monster, or to die as a free man?
It's good to be contented but it's better to strive harder.
Jump and let's build our wings on the way down
They hugged, tight and warm and full of the promise he'd made upon waking up.
Your differences are what make you unique. They're what make you special. You have nothing in common with these ignorant retches who thrive on superstition and fear. You were meant for greatness.
The corn was orient and immortal wheat, which never should be reaped, nor was ever sown. I thought it had stood from everlasting to everlasting.
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing their dreams
You can't look dignified when you're having fun.
Society collapses when no two come together as one; however, when things do come together true beauty can occur.
Moreover, in order to understand any man one must be deliberate and careful to avoid forming prejudices and mistaken ideas, which are very difficult to correct and get over afterwards.
Even the darkest and stormiest sky will give way to a bright and beautiful sun.
Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure
I've got 99 problems and I won't let you have the honor of being my 100th.
For something to be forbidden, Leila, someone must make it forbidden. Ask why. Always ask yourself why.
... and what happened next?
Going into a marriage,is like jumping into unknown river with a lot of fishes. It is better to study the characters ofthe fishes that habits the unknown river,before getting into it.When you get so encited to go into the unknown river because you love swimming,the fishes in the river might be hungry  PIRANHAS.
Significance is not determined by the amount of time on stage but by what you do with the time you get.
Jewelry of the clouds on the horizon; Seven circles are intertwined. A voice follows you without words; Soft footsteps, in the water of transience.
Do not wait to know you are dying before you start living.
Desire is the key to your achievement and to your destiny.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life
Changes are the needs of your dream.
If you are loyal to your time,finally the fate will be loyal to you.
If you love something, set it free.If it comes back to you, It is yours.If it doesn't,It never was.
I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
Love is the canvas covering the furniture that you've become a part of
Outcome is not vital! All what matters is your effort and devotion towards it...!!
When you're a kid, you have these big dreams and these big dreams to make a change, or maybe you feel like you can't make a difference
Aim High and Hit the Mark
Life is what you make it and faith is what brings it to reality. -CF
Getting lost or losing grip gives life meaning and direction. It gives you the opportunity to grow, learn something new and startover. Next time you feel like your failing, slipping or just unsettled in life - take a deep breath - get in the moment of just "being" - feel the life run through your body - stand up and keep going.
Ego=1/Knowledge" More the knowledge lesser the ego, lesser the knowledge more the ego.
i can accept FAILURE,everyone falls at something.but what i can't accept is NOT TRYING.
For me writing has always been best when it's intimate, as sexy as skin on skin.
Taj Mahal was built as a team; without a team, it was a far dream.
A true friend is someone who knows what you want before you ask for it.
Riots happen because rationale is eclipsed by revenge.
Imagine a man without lungs. Imagine earth without Amazon rainforest.
3 P's are my soulmates: Pain, Prose and Poetry.
Money is scarce; spend if you have to, not because you want to.
When you feel big and powerful, stand before a mountain; when you feel small and weak, stand before an ant.
Winners are those who defeat defeat.
When you are in need, you are all alone indeed!
Change we must; if a river can, so can we.
Your existence depends on what you have, not what you are.
Always ask, 'Do you love me?' before saying, 'I love you.
Love and hatred belong to the same plant: one is rose, the other is thorn.
You have only one true friend: that's YOU!
Those who know you, don't know you. Those who don't know you, want to know you; and the cycle goes on.
The pen is mightier than the sword, for by the sword are mortal battles waged, but by the pen entire cultures swayed, eternal societies arrayed, and souls of men saved.
Hard work is the engine that produces success. Hard work is success in realization.
You must completely dedicate yourselves to it. To do less will be to let down your country, your state, your parents, your teachers, and ultimately, yourselves. Remember this: The only good citizen is the well-educated citizen.
The poet cannot invent new words every time, of course. He uses the words of the tribe. But the handling of the word, the accent, a new articulation, renew them.
If you Never Give Up, you can Beat The Best !!
If you Never Give Up, You can Beat The Best !! And in the end you become The Best.
You are born to rule or to be ruled. It's for you to decide which path to choose.
The journey you start now can take you on the adventure of a lifetime...it's up to you. Education is a life-long process. Determine now to never stop learning and to never give up on your dreams.
VISION without PROVISION is FRUSTRATION.
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self-worth. Only YOU can be responsible for it. You have to invest in yourself, or no one else will.
Don't look up at the mountain. Keep your head down, and take the next step.
The more challenges life deals us, the more scars experiences give us, the higher we go, the better we get.
Chase a butterfly and you will discover the joys of wandering into uncharted trails.
Imagine Himalayas without glaciers. Imagine 3 nuclear powers without water.
Perhaps the most pressing need for there to be a forever after, is because that is how long it will take man to thank his Creator for all His wondrous deeds.
They say, they own a piece of land. I say, you don't even own your own body.
Your success depends on how much fire of desire you have AND how much fuel of passion you feed it.
We must all understand that life holds a lot of broken bits and pieces. We have storms and trials and sometimes fall flat on our face. It is how we are able to create something from this that will enable us to love ourselves more. It will help us to feel complete, whole and beautiful and allow us to soar.
River water and talent can't be stopped forever.
Trees are selfless, so all species thrive. If they were like humans, the world wouldn't survive.
Life will be felt so "flat" without passion .
Beauty of trees is not judged by shape, size and species, then why ours?
Life and death are two banks of the same river. Time is the boat on which we travel from one to the other, over and over.
Visions are for the Heavens to see.
The Soul's sacred ground of being is the foundation for your doing. -- from the book, Doing a 360, page 135
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
If you can't handle others' disapproval, then leadership isn't for you.
Scars can actually be proof of a healing wound.
Our life is frittered away by detail...Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity! I say, let our affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand...Simplify, simplify!
Fear is the freaky troll under the bridge that leads to achievement.
When all you see is darkness, turn to hope, and your heart will see the light.
My father told us:The worst sin is Feeling Sorry for Yourself.
Dorothy did not feel nearly so bad as you might think a little girl who had been so suddenly whisked away from her own country and set down in the middle of a strange land
Believe in the reader and they can connect the dots, if you succeed breathe life into the story
The only possible match for someone who doesn't know how to receive is someone who doesn't know how to give.
We all have something to offer, and we must choose to focus on what we do have to offer, not what we don't. And remember the dirty little secret is that those who are acting like they have it all together really don't.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation.
In life what you ASPIRE will TRANSPIRE-be it Loss or Gain, Sun or Rain, Joy or Pain. - RVM.
Vietnam was a noble cause imperfectly pursued
To know who we are, we must first know we are LOVE.
You can never miss your fate," Eleni would always say. "Even if it feels like it, it only means that your fate isn't what you thought.
His heart cracked open and flooded all the space around it.
What is inner peace but a deeply held belief that your current situation is exactly as it should be." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Life is gassy you just have to blow through it to see clearly and if eventually you see through, don't be misleaded by what you see either good or bad.
Trust is a good way to get oneself killed
Wherever you are, be all there." I have lived the runner, panting ahead in worry, pounding back in regrets, terrified to live in the present, because here-time asks me to do the hardest of all: just open wide and receive.
Aft the more honour, forward the better man
Build Icebergs, Not Skyscrapers
Let us move into the New Year with a great sense of the thrill of living.
Roads go ever ever onUnder cloud and under starYet feet that wandering have goneTurn at last to home afar.Eyes that fire and sword have seenAnd horror in the halls of stoneLook at last on meadows greenAnd trees and hills they long have known.
Move on. Walk forward into the light.
silence is not a langauge, its a weapon to make your dear one to feel
The only excuse from a man who abuses you are the ones we give him.
That which you manifest is before you
Your current life is the result of your previous choices, if you want something different, begin to choose differently.
When Life gives you a 100 reasons to Cry , show life that you have 1000 reasons to Smile
Where is our gift?Inside our heartWhat is our purpose?To open our heart and start giving our gift away
How different would your world be if you looked in the mirror and saw your best friend looking back at you?
Get Ready, Get Ready!
But you know what? Peace is just an idea. There will never be peace on Earth, at least, not the kind of kumbaya-harmony people envision. There can be ceasefires and treaties, but we will never know true peace. That's the sad truth of the world.
Adversity Isn't to Be Avoided
Be Chris LeDoux, Not Garth Brooks
We have to keep company with supposedly bad characters if we are to survive and not succumb to mental atrophy. People of good character, so called, are the ones who end up boring us to death.
Don't hang onto anything too tightly - all things must change and you have to allow room for them to grow and blossom.
Selfish Apologies Aren't Apologies at All
Show Us, Don't Tell Us
Be a Strong Leader, Even If You Follow a Weak Leader
Someday they'll give a war and nobody will come.
You Either Trust Someone or You Don't
Perhaps in the end, it should be left alone as a reminder that life isn't perfect, but even with it's imperfections it is worthwhile and enjoyable. Wouldn't it be great if more people thought that?
Moral cowardice that keeps us from speaking our minds is as dangerous to this country as irresponsible talk. The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Abdication Isn't Empowerment
Tune as the sitthar, neither high nor low, and we will dance away the hearts of men.
Whether it be in the sun, the rain, or the snow,You should always have fun, wherever you go.Think of all the amusing things you can do,To bring much laughter and happiness too.
If Everything's a Rush, Nothing Is
If the devil cannot get you by SIN, he will seek to get you by IGNORANCE.
Macromanage, Not Micromanage
Overoptimism Is More Dangerous Than Overpessimism
Don't Give Someone Responsibility without Requisite Authority
The things I can't do are the things I have yet to learn.
The things I don't are the things I have yet to learn.
I stand for something. I stand for light. Even when I sleep!
Although we look at ourself as One, in the real world we always experience ourself as TWO.
Keep in Mind to be Kind.
It is always easier to find your sense of value by demeaning another's value. It is easier to define yourself as 'not that,' rather than do an actual accounting of your own qualities and put them on the scale.
Of what use is money, if not spent on charityOf what use is prayer, if it is not for someone elseOf what use is your body, if it not to help someone Of what use is your intellect, if it is not for teaching othersOf what use is your smile, if it does not light up others livesAndof what use is your life, if it is not to transform others' lives!
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
How will machines know what we value if we don't know ourselves?
We have successful, strong-willed, independent women who stand up for conservative, traditional values. Women are leading this movement because they've been raised to be unafraid....I didn't grow up feeling oppressed. I didn't grow up feeling like a victim.
The germ of creation lies in violence.
When fear meets fear nothing good every happens.
Not one person on earth is immune to crime and trauma.
We are currently facing many hurdles, BUT will never lose the sight of infinite hope.
We are currently facing countless hurdles and obstacles, BUT will never lose the sight of infinite hope.
Never in LIfe will you disappoint yourself if you stay true to you!
Sometimes a smile is all that is needed to change a person's day and it cost me nothing to give.
A beautiful heart, a beautiful smile.
While we wait for good things to happen for ourselves, we can do good things for other people.
Even a smile can help a lonely soul!
A smile is the expression of ecstasy of life.
In the morning I drink a glass of sunshine to brighten my heart. I smile to spread the light of life.
Sometimes you have to smile to keep from crying.
To smile pleasantly is to own the moment fully.To think pleasantly is to enjoy the moment fully.
Be a smile on someone's lips.
A smile is only complete when the face and the whole body is in one accord
One Smile makes two Smiles and two makes many Smiles so keep Smiling :) :).
Black,The death of an old habit in order for anew journey to start. The dark cloudsdisappeared, chased away by the brilliant shine of your smile. So that I had the courage to be me once again.~Riley
A smile is the most beautiful colour in the world.
We all smiled because it was the truth: Living did take a lot more guts than giving up.
Enjoy, smile... wild... peace.
She transcends her sport, which is what any sport needs...And she does it while smiling the whole time. It's kind of a joke, but then again it's not, especially if you're a male pro trailing in her wake. To have this woman in the middle of such a suffer fest out there crushing people and smiling all the way...
One candle is like a smile. One little light can start a whole fire. Smile at someone today.
My dogs have been the reason I have woken up every single day of my life with a smile on my face.
We are such spendthrifts with our lives, the trick of living is to slip on and off the planet with the least fuss you can muster. I'm not running for sainthood. I just happen to think that in life we need to be a little like the farmer, who puts back into the soil what he takes out.
Pain is not wrong. Reacting to pain as wrong initiates the trance of unworthiness. The moment we believe something is wrong, our world shrinks and we lose ourselves in the effort to combat the pain.
Support the type of thinking that leads you to feeling good, peaceful & happy.
To forgive does not mean to forget.
Knowing life's purpose would invest everything one did with meaning.
The eternity of "anytime" shines in this moment "now" while the unlimitedness of "anyplace" is manifested in the limits of "here." When the universality of "anyone" dances out in the individual "I," for the first time you have the world of Zen.
It's said that the Buddha's enlightenment is great than that of a traveler setting out, in the same proportion as the heavens are bigger than what can be seen of them through the eye of a needle. But in both cases, what you see is the sky.
But even though there's no more hope, again there's no need to harm yourself, despite your feeling as if there's no ground beneath you and no choice in any direction. But when we do let go, how wonderful. We discover that the darkness is actually full of light.
Why is it that one of the best songs in the world has to be written by the BeeGees?"Benedict
Love where there is no reason to love
Stars on the sky, stars on the ground. It's hard to tell where the sky ends and the earth begins.
Aim for the moon, but on your way don't forget to dance with the stars and shine as bright as the sun.
We laughed about all the kids who believed in the Santa myth and got nothing for Christmas but a bunch of cheap plastic toys. "Years from now, when all the junk they got is broken and long forgotten," Dad said, "you'll still have your stars.
If you feel alone, and if your heart is pure and your eyes still shine with the wonder of a child's, perhaps as you read these pages you'll find that the stars are smiling on you once more, that you can hear them as though they were five hundred million little bells.
And he will never know what it is to look up at the night sky and wish.
And maybe the only reason we have to fall back down to grow again is the same cause for the sun to rise and sink: our stars need time to shine at night to heal, to heal.
You are your shining star. Arise and shine your star.
Head for the moon. If you miss, you will still be among the stars
Did you know that the center of a Protostar (the star in the middle of a nebula) is called a Nuclear Furnace? So you can call that the star's "heart." The heart of a star is a furnace. Not much unlike the human heart.
It occurred to me that the voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because the is always the thought that everything might be done better and again
Each of us is the real star. We all are so close but still so far i this sky called ground. We all shine, though the light the others see is the one that our actions left in the past.
What'll you do if you can't find a way to cure him?" Seth asked.Dale paused. "I'll never know that day has come, because I'll never stop trying.
We're on a hunt, Cooper. When you're on a hunt, you do whatever it takes.
My proceeds from the PayPal acquisition were $180 million. I put $100 million in SpaceX, $70m in Tesla, and $10m in Solar City. I had to borrow money for rent.
Life is like crossing a river. If you take a huge step-aim for too bigger dreams-then the current will knock you off your feet and carry you away. The way to do it is small steps, you will take hold of life. You will get there in the end.
We all fall sometime but it's those that get back up and try again that make the difference.
Just do you. The right people and opportunities will be drawn to that.
If something doesn't work, try something different. Don't go ball up, cry in a corner, and say, Woe is me. Kick yourself in the pants and force yourself to get on to the next alternative.
Plan B is nonsense. Successful people come up with plans A, B, C, D . . . all the way to Z. That's how life works. If you'renot constantly looking for and testing solutions, that's probably why you're on the hamster wheel that you're on right now.
In the eyes of Buddha, there are no evil people, only people who don't yet have light in their hearts.
If you persistently knock, door will definitely be opened.
Only those who never stand up, never fall down.
Some may say I did not write well...but no one can say I did not write...that is all that matters. One must attempt the things they desire and in the attempt, master their fear of failure for the only definitive failure is to never try.
There are only two ways to solve a problem: stop dwelling, and start doing.
Thick is the darkness-- Sunward, O, sunward!Rough is the highway-- Onward, still onward!Dawn harbors surely East of the shadows.Facing us somewhere Spread the sweet meadows.Upward and forward! Time will restore us:Light is above us, Rest is before us.
An ordinary intellect will, by industry and perseverance, often accomplish more than a much superior one, deficient in energy and the power of endurance.
When times get tough and your path gets rough, just hold on. You'll get there soon enough.
It is very much, she thinks, like looking at the moon and knowing one could make it there, too. It is only time and breath that stand between her and the top. She is young. She'll do it and have done it.
This is the lesson: never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never-in nothing, great or small,large or petty-never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force;never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
My friends, we should consider ourselves fortunate, not because we are any greater or lesser because we face adversity, rather we simply rejoice in the opportunity to face it.
If you can continue to smile through hardship and pain, then your moment will come.just be patient.
Keep a relentless eye on your goals! Perseverance, joyful dedication, and unwavering focus will get you there!
Get on top of the obstacles and they become vantage points.
The rewards of tomorrow are safely hidden in the belief of never quitting and not giving up on yourself today
I do not want to be like a small animal bitten by a snake, going stiff with that poison. I want to bite back.
If you don't acquire the discipline to push through a personal low point, you will miss the reward that comes with persevering.
In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm. ... In the real world, all rests on perseverance.
We all have to face our faults and mistakes, and then choose to overcome them or let them drag us down.
Is it not true that the clever rogue is like the runner who runs well for the first half of the course, but flags before reaching the goal: he is quick off the mark, but ends in disgrace and slinks away crestfallen and uncrowned. The crown is the prize of the really good runner who perseveres to the end.
You always need to work hard. You always need to be willing to work hard. Not everything will be hard, but you should, at the very least, be willing to work hard.
The sated day is never firstThe best day is a day of thirstYes, there is goal and meaning in our path -but it is the way that is the labour's worth.
To truly defeat an enemy, no sacrifice is too great.
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.
We don't know that we don't own or owe Anything (In mathematical terms we are sifar), so keep walking as long as your legs are moving towards the infinite. Your own Ego is the only obstacle in this journey, earlier you get rid of it sooner will you find the infinite peace.
When your intuition speaks, listen. When your ego speaks, shut it up.
We don't want to eliminate the ego completely. Otherwise we'd be wandering around the house each morning, drinking coffee for hours, saying, 'Who the hell am I?' We need the ego to sustain a sense of identity.
The day when on the cover of my books, my name will appear in bigger fond than the title of my book- I will stop writing because that would be the death of the writer in me.
Don't indulge your ego at the expense of your soul.
Most of the people don't see a big success in life, because small successes ignites ego issues in them.
It comes over me that I had then a strange alter ego deep down somewhere inside me, as the full-blown flower is in the small tight bud, and I just took the course, I just transferred him to the climate, that blighted him once and for ever.
Both the mind and "presence" can work beautifully together, in the absence of ego.
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Helping, fixing, and serving represent three different ways of seeing life. When you help, you see life as weak. when you fix, you see life as broken. When you serve, you see life as whole. Fixing and helping may be the work of the ego, and service the work of the soul.
We are not called upon to do all the good that is possible, but only that which we can do.
Life is service. Define your service.
You are accountable for your own victory or misery
It's a sheer-madness for a father not to see his son greater than him
If it has to be done, it must be best done.
From this distance of forgetting and reclaiming, I had moremercy on myself. I had poured my heart into serving. I could seenow what I had been blind to then, that the One treasured my service,regardless of human measures of success. (Linette)
I will serve with all my might.
The moral purpose of every human life should be to attain happiness through service to humanity.
Happiness is the ultimate purpose of our life and you find it in service.
There is only one way to happiness and that is through service.
Life becomes invaluable when we spend it in the service of others.
Service is born out of love not duty.
The interior joy we feel when we have done a good deed is the nourishment the soul requires.
Each of us has the power to take action, to light a fire and be the ignition for others.
The oblivion fear is something else, fear that I won't be able to give anything in exchange for my life. If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.
No time is better spent than that spent in the service of your fellow man.
Scars are not signs of weakness, they are signs of survival and endurance.
You know, I once read an interesting book which said that, uh, most people lost in the wilds, they, they die of shame. Yeah, see, they die of shame. 'What did I do wrong? How could I have gotten myself into this?' And so they sit there and they... die. Because they didn't do the one thing that would save their lives. Thinking.
We all have our personal Andes.
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without vicory there is no survival.
I come from a plane that fell into the mountains. I am Uruguayan. We have been walking for ten days. I have a friend up here who is injured. In the plane there is fourteen injured people. We have to get of here quickly and we don't have any food. We are weak. When are you going to come and fetch us? Please. We can't even walk. Where are we?
Outside, the dogs whine over the wind. They sense the wolves - they sense the wild. It calls to them, like it calls to me, and I wonder sometimes if we are the only ones who hear it.
And so in time the rowboat and I became one and the same-like the archer and his bow or the artist and his paint. What I learned wasn't mastery over the elements; it was mastery over myself, which is what conquest is ultimately all about.
Who we are and who we need to be to survive are very different things.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
I'm proud of them, in a way. My little gold stars for surviving. For thriving. They aren't just mistakes.
The good thing about problems is that they all have solutions.
Use your strength, but always remember that any strengthmay become a weakness.
Luck often comes to those who are brave.
You need to be proud of the fact that you survived everything you went through as a child. Don't seperate yourself from that life. Embrace it, because I'm so fucking proud of you.
Dying for someone is easy." J.T. murmured now; as if reading my mind."Living for yourself, that's hard.
They forget that we, too, have earned the right to live! So I say if we are going to die, my friend, let us die trying, not sitting.
I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But (...) we must see all scars as beauty. (...) Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means, 'I survived'.
You have to let go before you can reach.
There's as much benefit to wishing the world away as there is in demanding a bud to bloom," responded Iphigenia as she patted Prue's hand gently. "It's better to live presently. By living thus, perhaps we can learn to understand the nature of this fragile coexistence we share with the world around us.
ANXIETY i will transform you into something useful and productive. I will not bow down to you. ~THE END
Excessive caution destroys the soul and the heart, because living is an act of courage, and an act of courage is always an act of love.
Do you remember what I forgot?
The Internet is still in its infancy. When it reaches adulthood, the Internet will change how we live and work.
Technology and Science is what you make it.
We -humans - are wizard who turn miracles into technology.
Data may disappoint, but it never lies.
If it hurts, do it more frequently, and bring the pain forward.
The technological man is limited as his tools. The man without technologies is limitless.
Failure isn't something to be embarassed about; it's just proof that you're pushing your limits, trying new things, daring to innovate.
The sound of a kiss is not as strong as that of a cannon, but its echo endures much longer.
Hug is a holy kiss.
That is the power of a good story. It can encourage you, it can make you laugh, it can bring you joy. It will make you think, it will tap innto your hidden emotions, and it can make you cry. The power of a story can also bring about healing, give you peace, and change your life!" (p.15)
You are your own best friend. Listen to yourself more often than someone else.
I danced with my shadows until they became part of my light.
The power to shape your reality lies within you, therefore the most important voice you will ever hear is your own.
Deliver your message with simplicity and see how powerful impact it has on the audience.
Every word comes from the heart.
You should always be your greatest motivator. Never leave that power in someone else's hands. Once you learn to love the person you are, there are no limits to the person you can become.
If you can train yourself to be actionable instead of reactionary, you will break out of the negative space that is typically furnished with fear, uncertainty and inaction, and move into that peaceful zone of determination, power, decisiveness and growth. Life will become less complicated.
Make a promise to yourself right now, that you will choose your thoughts and words wisely, that you will no longer use disempowered language about yourself, and nor will you ever negatively define yourself by what has occurred in your past.
The things you say, the things you don't say, the things you do, or the things you don't do are always sending a loud message to those around you. What kind of a message are you sending? Is it a true reflection of who you are?
Think about people in your own life who you have envied for one reason or another. It may surprise you to know that they do not see themselves the way that you do. Maybe they are all smiles on the outside but have personal struggles and trials that you would never guess from first glance.
You don't trust what you don't know, and you don't know, what you don't trust.
People are afraid of change. Change is inevitable to life. Change actually has the mask of pushing us out of comfort zone. Every time we learn, go through life experiences our perception/Emotional chemistry is changing. Embrace change because we are becoming a more polished version of ourselves.
Happiness is an inner perception, not an outer realistic conception.
Happiness is not in perfection but it is a perception in the midst of imperfection.
Happiness is there when perceptions and expectations are in joyful harmony.
Our happiness or misery depends upon our perception, not on the situation.
Clothing doesn't really change a man. But it changes how others react to him.
Your perception of the world and the way you see yourself in it has created within your mind a concept, a philosophy, of the way you believe things to be.
By changing how you perceive things and how you act upon those perceptions, you will change your life.
Nothing happens 'to' you, everything happens 'for' you.
Our response to the external conditions of our lives can be greatly altered by our perceptions of those conditions.
it crossed Farren's mind that although death seemed big, life was even bigger
Real vision dies only when life dies. Once we live, we hope, we yearn for and we aspire to have something!
Humans are odd. They think order and chaos are somehow opposites and try to control what won't be. But there is grace in their failings.
Your comfort zone is not that comfortable.
Vision differentiates between a follower and a leader.
Change or you will be changed: leaders who neglect the good of their people will be forsaken. Leadership is a service, not a gateway to privilege.
I believe that positive energy and optimism help us to take up any challenge in life and to succeed in even the most difficult tasks. I also believe that positive energy is contagious: we can transmit it to others.
Serving my generation with excellence will mean in turn, my generation can lead with excellence.
Without a vision to guide our path, and without ambition that knows no limits, we can never build a bright future for generations to come.
Great Leadership sometimes requires taking a step backward in order to take a leap forward.
My vision is to help each man, woman and child connect with their inherent psychic ability. I believe that each person has the potential to tap into their abilities and access them to empower their life and reach their full potential.
With commitment and vision, it is possible to build a bridge between potential partners and communities whose work is of relevance to peace-building initiatives.
We are the authors of our destinies. No one can see the vision any clearer, believe in and work any harder to make it a reality more than the visionary.
If you can see everything in all directions, there is no such thing as up or down, left or right.
From just one spark we can create one fire. And from one fire we can create one light. From that one light, we create vision and that vision is how we share just one spark. Inspire all those around you.
In this day and age, there is a special mandate for every one of us to be in-charge of our lives by sitting at the driver's seat of our lives. Rule your world!
The journey to a thousand stars is not too far a journey in the quest to have true love abiding in a pure heart.
When we get married, we promise a person the rest of our lives, "Til death do us part". But what if in another life we promised someone forever? What if ten lifetimes ago we promised someone lifetime after lifetime after lifetime? Think about it. Maybe that's why marriages fail when they do fail. Because maybe promises are never really broken.
I wish I had the talent to paint the way I feel about you, for my words always feel inadequate. I imagine using red for your passion and pale blue for your kindness; forest green to reflect the depth of your empathy and bright yellow for your unflagging optimism. And still I wonder: can even an artist's palette capture the full range of what you mean to me?
A teacher is like a magical mirror that will show you your future. Imagine if you have no teacher, it may mean you have no future.
People ask, "Are you important enough for me to love you?" But they've got it all wrong. When you love someone, you make them important. And the same thing happens to you. You don't love them because they're important; they become important because you love them.
Someone who loves you will reveal beautiful things within yourself... things you had never noticed before... things nobody else cared to.
There is no perfect love. There is only a right kind of love. This kind of love cares for your well-being, gives you the freedom to live your life, and stretches you to become your best self.
He was comparing you to the butterflies that you both adore and cherish, and he said you were special for the same reasons: you were rare, exotic and entirely you. He said you're beautiful exactly the way are now.
Sharing the same passionate love with another person, gives a feeling of being alive! The experience of something real, is unforgettable.
I will spend an eternity loving you, caring for you, respecting you, showing you every day that I hold you as high as the stars.
I don't hate you. I don't think I ever really did. It was just anger. And once I faced it head-on, once understood it, it dissipated. -Mia
Forever is a measure of time used by people who share an ordinary love. Our extraordinary love is immeasurable...for us, forever just won't do.
You can create your ideal job.
If you can't find a job, use your special gift to create a job.
It's almost never the kind of person you are but the kind of job you do decides how much you get paid.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Whether you are an astronomer or a life scientist, geophysicist, or a pilot, you've got to be there because you believe you are good in your field, and you can contribute, not because you are going to get a lot of fame or whatever when you get back.
Degree lets you to the chair of interview, but it cannot provide you job
If you scrollin and you happen to catch this, just know you're a poppin ass individual and you're way too great to deal with anybody bullshit
I love really long books because it feels like you are diving into a pool for a very long time.:)
Laziness is the mother of all bad habits, but ultimately she is a mother and we should respect her
Do you know great people are continually quoted while the average always misquote great people?
Who you are is much greater than who you pretend to be
Follow your heart. Just don't get lost.
All life is in vain, for Death makes a nonsense of pain.
Life is a beautiful thing. Plant it in the ground, and it blooms into opportunity, capice?
The missing aren't missing, they're only departed
Good be- gets bad, something lost leads to found...
I am the philosophy before any philosopher.
Be the sun in someone's dark sky.
Wherever there is light, look for the shadow. The shadow is me.
Wherever this is light, look for the shadow. The shadow is me.
A warrior walks alone in the dark.
Freedom was the price of privacy.
The day we stop learning is the day we die.
You can sacrifice and not love. But you cannot love and not sacrifice.
What we obtain too cheaply, we esteem too lightly; it's dearness only that gives everthing its value.
Because everyone is guilty for everyone else. For all the 'wee ones,' because there are little children and big children. All people are 'wee ones.' And I'll go for all of them, because there must be someone who will go for all of them.
To do something for someone or something you loved- England or Shakespeare or a dog or the Hodbins or history- wasn't a sacrifice at all. Even if it cost you your freedom, your life, your youth.
My life to yours. My breath become yours.
Sacrificing a part of yourself so others can go on to fafill there greatness, their destiny. Is greatness in itself but in a much smaller way that won't be written about or put in history books. But it is far more great in many ways.
Hong Kong became so materialistic that it must be one of the rarest places in the world where family members need to make an appointment to have dinner together, and people speculate upon their own home where their own children are growing up.
Stars don't have their own light to glint. It is supplied by sun by burning self. One endures pain for others to survive.
Open up your eyes for me people, the prophecies are true and the beast is real.
Freedom is the natural state, acceptance of bonds is a choice we make. We prefer to accept loss of freedom to losing something much less valuable but which we are not willing to sacrifice.
The world might not see it or think of it,But you are enough to have someonesacrificed for you.That should tell you that not every hardshipyou go through is permanent,It is just temporary.It's like a starter,You still have the dessert to enjoy.
One must lose one's life in order to save it.
Sacrifices will make you a martyr, victories will make you a hero.
We all of us die, Miss Smallwood,' he interrupted. 'But we don't all of us make our lives count for something. How much better to die saving another soul than to stand safe on shore and do nothing while others perish?
True love is sacrifice. It is in giving, not in getting; in losing, not in gaining; in realizing, not in possessing, that we love!
...no one has ever doubted you would die for those you love ... the question then becomes would you live?
the calling of the teacher. There is no craft more privileged. To awaken in another human being powers, dreams beyond one's own; to induce in others a love for that which one loves; to make of one's inward present their future; that is a threefold adventure like no other.
Teachers, you don't teach a subject, you teach a child.
Teachers are often rightly praised for all they do for our children. But there are others out there who are working to make the youth of today a happy and productive generation of tomorrow. And I'm proud to say I'm one of these "others" providing a positive environment for many wonderful children who are full of promise.
Great words, arranged with cunning and artistry, could change the perceived world for some readers
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Placing our attention on providing consistent appreciation, approval, and applause to those we love not only focuses their energy on the good things about themselves but also teaches them to return the favor to us.
One of the hallmarks of great teachers is that they rejoice when their students surpass them. Encouraging an atmosphere of questioning and inviting people to grow within your classroom isn't necessarily easy
I just thought that was the most noble contribution you could make to human kind, was to be a teacher.
Teaching is the best way to learn.
.you are not him or her, you be you..
.if you're looking into infinity of deep night sky, you can get the deepest thoughts..
.if you're looking in to deep night sky, you can get the deepest thoughts..
.burn, everybody likes to watch the fire..
.if you think like any others you will not be different..
.it's allright not to know all the answers..
A Great Teacher is like a fountain; she draws from the still, deep waters of personal growth and professional knowledge to serve others from her abundant overflow.
You teach what you know... but impart who you are.
Everything practical and applicable is impractictal and inapplicable to the inactive participant.
Raise your thoughts. Ennoble your desires. Better your actions. Elevate your life.
Never ever stop dreaming. You will make it big one day. What is life without our struggles? Our struggles give us insight and depth into life.
There are many fish in the sea, but never let a good one swim away.
I was my own boss, but that all changed the day I got married.
Count your summers, not your winters.
If money could buy happiness, the rich would not drown their sorrows in expensive wine.
You are like a seed; your greater beauty lies not on the outside, but within.
A quality wife guarantees you a quality life.
Be like a rose; no matter how many thorns you encounter in life, bloom.
Hate may have its hour, but love will have its day.
A star never lets anything dull its sparkle, not even darkness.
When you are walking on water it is fear, not sharks, that sinks you.
A flawed rose is better than a flawless dandy lion.
Roses do not take beauty advice from weeds.
Sometimes I wake up and think... 'I was asleep.
Slow and steady wins the race, only and only if the rabbit, competent, sleeps a while. But, fast and consistency always win it, even if rabbit is awaken.
Whoever does decide to awaken should put their whole effort, attention, and life into it, in order to make it succeed.
In that nanosecond of enlightenment I knew that the human spirit survives the death of the physical body and I understood that my wandering soul needed to get back into its earthly habitat.
I never realized it was all a game,until I started winning.
I've heard that sometimes a version of you must die before another more enlightened version can be born. I think that's true after watching the corpse of myself walk around.
That which you see in me is that which is in you. ~ Maitreya Miranda* ~
The difference between going where you are needed and going where you are called is purely based upon diligent prayer and the leading of the Holy Spirit.
Noble and great. Courageous and determined. Faithful and fearless. That is who you are and who you have always been. And understanding it can change your life, because this knowledge carries a confidence that cannot be duplicated any other way.
And don't you let your guard down for a second because you think anything's inevitable.
I'm just a kid, Chiron," I said miserably. "What good is one lousy hero against something like Kronos?"Chiron managed a smile. '"What good is one lousy hero'? Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain said something like that to me once, just before he single-handedly changed the course of your Civil War.
Envy comes from people's ignorance of, or lack of belief, in their own gifts.
... I will get a First Class Honors degree and I will become a scientist... And I know I can do this because I went to London on my own, and because I solved the mystery of Who Killed Wellington? and I found my mother and I was brave and I wrote a book and that means I can do anything.
We live in a society of {more, faster, and extra.} So we feel the need to respond {more, faster, and extra.} Such a useless exercise. So much joy can be found in slowing down.
They will never believe that an ordinary girl could do such an extraordinary thing," Genevieve worried. "What would I tell them?""Tell them there is no such thing as an ordinary girl," said Bloom (Bloom)
They will never believe that an ordinary girl could do such an extraordinary thing," Genevieve worried. "What would I tell them?""Tell them there is no such thing as an ordinary girl," said Bloom.
We are doing ourselves no favors when we look to the crowd to tell us where we are.
I don't have perfect teeth. I'm not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesn't want to change anything.
The difficulties of life don't stop attacking your self-worth and self-confidence, you just have to repair and fortify every time. Recall and recite it; tell yourself what you are worth.
[He] said don't let them take you over. Walk into the room knowing you are the best. Shoulders back, chin up. Their attitudes will totally change.
Confident is spirit of faith
Your greatest competence are your courage and confident.
Life is a journey, a ride of endless means and emotions.
Everything that looks like a loss may be an extraordinary, successful life waiting to explode.
Don't get inspired by others, inspire yourself.
Maturity is the ability to make a decision and stand by it.
There are authors who write to communicate, there are authors who write to impress themselves.
You aren't ugly, my dear. Do not listen to anyone who would say so, even yourself.
I was hoping that perhaps I could roll with you...""You cannot roll with me," said the Big O, "but perhaps you can roll by yourself.
The most important point to remember in developing self-confidence is to take responsibility for who we are. This empowers us. We can change anything, do anything, and be anything when we assume full responsibility for ourselves.
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already beneath you.
Was there someone absent from the table of creation?
Don't squash creativity, inspire it!
When you craft something you create an eternity. When you tear down you hurt and you destroy, but anger doesn't last forever and soon your destruction is but dust under the muse of another's creation.
The perfect song neither ends nor begins. It is always playing. Remember to stop and listen.
When people's love is divided by law, it is the law that needs to change.
We are not as frail as the strings would make us believe.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Life's a shit sandwich, my ass. Life's a polka and don't you forget it!
Dreams are not just goals to lead us to something better. Dreams also help us become better..today.Dreaming a new dream can simply be dreaming of a better you.
An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards. So when life is dragging you back with difficulties, it means that it's going to launch you into something great. So just focus, and keep aiming.
Put love in everything you do. If you can't, then maybe you shouldn't do.
She felt a sense that things were in order, the way they were meant to be, and that even if they tumbled down once in a while, in the end they would come back together again.
Being a positive person doesn't mean you never have negative thoughts. It just means you don't allow them space to take root and grow to control your life.
Mental and emotional freedom is not the denial of truth - it's the recognition that truth isn't something we need to run from or be afraid of.
It is given that we'll face difficulties and breaking points in our lives but with them we'll also have lots of positive moments. We only have to recognize them and let them be. We shouldn't burden those few positive moments with the negatives in our lives or we're going to just ruin them.
Waves of positivity and possibilities send tiny ripples of hope to wash away the walls of negativity.
Someone once said that there are always flowers for those who want to find flowers. I think that's true. But I also think that there are always cakes for those who want to find cakes.
Do not judge me for the many things I do, but rather judge yourself for that which you do not.
It is our thoughts, actions and reactions that manifest our future.
My greatness shall never be measured by my actions or accomplishments, but rather by those of my son's guided by my teachings.
In order to become great we must allows others to become great before us, and not be envious of their greatness but rather rejoice in it. So that when we become great, there will be others who shall rejoice in ours.
Pain reminds us that we are alive and breathing, that we still have the strength within to fight
Mother Teresa once said, "Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted are the greatest poverty." To this I will add: Please believe that one single positive dream is more important than a thousand negative realities.
During any experience placed before us, we can stay in alignment with positivity, truth, and goodness by asking the question: What would honor and love do here?
Never bet against the man in the mirror.
When we focus on love,we shall experience love.
I am a writer, period!
Simplicity starts in the heart, away from negativity and pessimism.
With positivity, one can emerge a winner under any circumstances, the reason being that the positivity brings positive changes. It is the seed of grateness.
We might not be able to change the entire world but we can surely leave a mark by positively touching people's lives one at a time.
We all make mistakes, but it is those that learn from them that rise to the top.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
I am waiting for that Morning,When Me and My Dream, both will be Together.
Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.
positivity is the father of reinvention
If positivity is not your mindset, then reset
Key message to all patients: Let go of all negativity and empower your body through your positivity.
Don't spread negativity, that stuff is contagious and ruins us. The good news is, positivity can also be contagious and it lifts us.
When you get crapped on, grow a garden.
Power consists to a large extent in deciding what stories will be told.
Stories. Character. Dialouge. Entire worlds created on the page. Worlds that could sweep you away or frighten you, make you laugh or cry. Worlds that allowed you to escape to another country or time. Worlds built piece by piece of ink and punctuation.
(...) a director should tell a story that is close to his own existential experience.
This is what storytelling gets you. You make things up that aren't real, and then get upset when they don't turn out as expected.
I don't actually breakdance.
You must liberate your mind of such dogmatic ideals, rid yourself of this unending illusion that stories have clear beginnings and endings. Stories never begin, nor do they end. They are comprised of people living an endless cycle of interacting, influencing each other, and parting ways. As long as stories are told they should not have clear endings.
The writer and his reader are both complicit in the act of storytelling. The writer must first leave a part of his soul on the page,like a contagion, which the reader then catches.
I hope you will go out and let stories happen to you, and that you will work them, water them with your blood and tears and laughter 'til they bloom, 'til you yourself burst into bloom.
Stories matter. They shape our lives, expectations, and dreams. They are the warp and weave of our human existence, binding us into a fabric far stronger than any individual element
Discrimination is not just racial now. It's also about the kind of body parts you have.
Racism is not funny, because it won't solve anything, but making it worst instead, because racism is the reason the world is no longer great.
A man who tosses worms in the river isn't 't necessarily a friend of the fish. All the fish who take him for a friend, who think the worm's got no hook in it, usually end up in the frying pan.
I'm just a young guy with big dreams who is working hard to make it on top while many people are waiting for my downfall, they don't support but hate and talk negativity.
Writing is not always a writer's playtime. It's actually a work in progress. Few understand this and mistakenly believe we're wasting time. But it's never a waste of time when doing what you love.
Loneliness is not the perception of leading an isolated life, but it is an inability to get any caring eyes, especially when you want someone to care for you. It is also sense of being lost, even empty you from inside. When you burst into crying, you realise that the whole world is sleeping peacefully with both eyes and ears closed.
Whoever said dogs can't speak was never interested in learning another language.
I spend these days in confusion, trying my best to fathom the significance of that shade.... Trying to fathom the suitable answers to my ambiguities, if they can be called as such." - Basil
This isn't the end, and a beginning looks different. This is the moment in between, when everything still looks possible.
When she was living one of her fantasies she felt like a bird, the freedom of its wings letting her soar without earthly boundaries, enabling her to look on to her vividly imagined scenes from a great height.
No matter how you twist and turn, your ass is always in the back.
Anyone can change the world and everyone should try.
A sunshine can bring opportunities for a person's life and you should never be disappointed if it shines on you because if you disregard it, you will miss the moment of great luck.
Never blame anyone for your life. You are responsible for you.
A decision is a responsibility, if you cannot handle responsibility, don't take decisions.
Our greatest responsibility is to be good ancestors.
You are born with infinite possibilities. Take responsibility for turning these possibilities into reality, and you will be bestowed with success, love and eternal peace.
The only way we can change our world is to take responsibility for our part in it.
Your words are so powerful that they can breakhearts or fill them with joy. Your words havethe ability to comfort a wounded soul or shattersomeone's confidence. Your words can act as yourmessengers of hope or a salve for a broken humanbeing.
You create what you speak. So, speak a better world.Speak a happier and more loving life. Speak yourdespair and let it lead you back to your truth.
Faith has answers that the ears can't always hear.
While faith may seem hard to reach sometimes and hope is invisible, that doesn't lessen the power of either of the two...Some of the things that we can't see or physically touch have the strongest power...Hope, faith and love are some of the best tools that we have been given in life.
Sometimes believing is a matter of deciding. Deciding who you're going to trust and what you know about who you trust.
When you really let people see you, Amelia-all of you, not just the snow-obsessed reporter-it's impossible to look away.
Believing in the inherent good of humankind is akin to having faith. It is to believe in something that may not be readily apparent.
Stress can destroy much more than just our physical health. Too often, it eats away at our hope, belief, and faith.
It's the simplest things in your life that help you achieve the greatest BLESSINGS. None of those things cost you, yet they can bring abundant reward. Faith, honesty and good manners will take you places and assist you in obtaining things that money NEVER will.
We all need to believe in something, a dream that gives us optimism and faith.
Fear uncovers the impossible, while faith uncovers the possible.
The greatest blessing is the gift of life.
Wait patiently for what you want.
Faith is never blind when others see it in our actions.
Despite our challenges, hope lies in the reality that our story does not end here.
Miracles surround us at every turn, if we but sharpen our perceptions to them.
A little belief, a little faith, a little hope is sometimes all we need, to see the light.
If you want to conquer the stress,anger and illusion of life, live in the moment, enjoy your breathing, count your blessings.
Love's key unlocks joy's door.
Happiness is absolutely a feeling and a state of well-being, but the key to happiness is understanding that it is created through action.
See yourself as the perfect creation that you are, but at the same time, recognize with sincere honesty, the areas of your life that are out of balance and get to work to improve and grow.
When you grasp the yogic principles and philosophies, you can apply them to any activity you are doing. Then every thing you do is spiritually enhancing your life. And this leads to the ultimate experience where everything you do is YOGA. It is all Union, unifying you with the Supreme Source.
The path to wholeness starts by loving yourself. It always starts there. If you love yourself, you will do whatever it takes to restore your health and happiness.
The yoga asana practice was developed to get the body in the best physical condition possible, so that the yoga practitioner would be able to sit for many hours comfortably in meditation. In order to reach the higher spiritual vibrations we must be as strong, flexible and open as possible.
If we are not living IN our bodies, honoring them as our TEMPLE, we are closing off the divine channels (nadis) of energy that run through us. Additionally, when we are not in good physical shape, we limit our enjoyment of our life experience. Thus, yoga is spiritual and physical.
In every moment we are faced with choices that will serve our highest intentions, or gratify our unconscious desires.
When you are mindful of Spirit and connecting to the breath with an open heart, that is yoga.
The asana practice is extremely powerful and unique in design. In addition to improved flexibility, circulation, muscular strength and increased energy, and detoxification of the organs, each pose unblocks life force energy (prana) pathways in your body, reprograms your cellular DNA and connects us to our spiritual origin.
Know, in every moment, that you have attracted this situation into your life experience so you can grow and learn the lessons necessary to get to the next level.
Every moment is an opportunity to become more enlightened, more open and expanded. Continually choose that path and you will be free.
Your body is a physical representation of the cumulative effect of all the experiences you've had throughout your life.
By justifying our harmful negative habits, we live in delusion. We are lying to ourselves. And worse yet, we waste the precious opportunity of living our truth.
In a world resistant to change, we have to take matters into our own hands. Modern society and culture fails to support our healing by literally encouraging us to sustain our addictions.
Our greatest opportunities are to let go and surrender to that which is greater than our egoistic needs and desires.
It is key to remember we can maintain a genuine enthusiasm and love for what IS, in the PRESENT moment, enjoy it with gratitude for all of the blessings in our lives.
Whether you're at the peak or the valley of any given wave, remember that this too shall pass.
When we return continually to the present moment and our centered awareness within it, we remember we are eternally connected to the Supreme Source that lives within us.
We will attract potential partners who reflect back to us what we need to heal, balance and strengthen in ourselves- until we become whole. At that point, we can attract our twin flame or soul mate and enjoy a peaceful co- creative partnership that benefits all of mankind.
When we are open, strong and fluid in our body, we are experiencing the best that life has to offer with very little limitation or constraints.
When you release a trauma on one level of your energetic being, you will experience relief on all other levels simultaneously.
When we carry the thoughts of negativity and self-criticism, we inspire just what we don't want: poor health and an unattractive physical body.
Happiness doesn't just happen. I'm convinced that for the most part, those who focus their minds on it, obtain it.
Be Generous with your Kindness, Compassion & Forgiveness.
Be Grateful- Your Life is a Miracle.
The physical concerns and misalignment we experience in the spinal vertebrae of our body are often directly correlated with the spiritual energetic ability to flow freely as well.
Thoughts are one of the most creative powers we have as human beings. If you hold the mantra in your mind that you are continually becoming more healthful and radiant, that is what you will become.
For the sake of your health and happiness, replace the loss that causes sadness with the thanks that yields gratitude.
Every day is a new day. No matter what has happened before, whenever you awake, you have the opportunity to start anew. It is one of the wonderful things about life.
Love the people who treat you right pray or the people who don't
Before searching for happiness in others, we my first find it in ourselves.
We are all flawed, my dear. Every one of us. And believe me, we've all made mistakes. You've just got to take a good hard look at yourself, change what needs to be changed, and move one, pet.
I used to hate looking at my markings. But the captain taught me they don't mean anything. Because I'm more than the sum of my mistakes.
Don't confuse poor decision making with destiny. Take accountability for your life, cut out the drama, distance yourself from negativity, and move your life into a healthy direction.
It takes more to abstain than to err, more to avoid mistakes than to make mistakes; but the good thing is that it gets better with practice.
I tell you not to be timid. I tell you to make the choices, make the mistakes, big, terrible, reckless mistakes, really screw it all up. I tell you it is the only way.
No one can go back and correct his mistakes, but everyone can go forward and change their thoughts and perceptions.
Within the scope of universal time, it seems I'll be dead a whole lot longer than I'll be alive. So while I'm here, I will not worship death; I'll worship life. I'll live life to the fullest. victories, losses, successes, mistakes, love, and hurt. I'll live and learn to the fullest; without apology.
Mistakes. Trial and error. Same thing. Mistakes are how we learned to walk and run and that hot things burn when you touch them. You've made mistakes all your life and you're going to keep making them.
Own your mistakes, learn from them; apologize if you have to, and then, be unapologetically you.
I'd rather make a thousand mistakes trying for a better life, than to die not making any mistakes at all.
The biggest mistake you can make is listening to people who've given up on their dreams telling you to give up on yours.
I think you must make a few [mistakes]. Of you don't, you're probably thinking too much. That's the worst mistake you can make.
But the good thing about life is that we can fix our mistakes sometimes. We learn from them. We get better.
What never stops amazing people is how they make a mistake and learn nothing sometimes. Mistakes happen how much ever you try and run from it. Make mistakes and know you have made them. Don't let the mistakes make you a joke in your own life. Regret nothing and let it go. After all who can stop the inevitable.
Your mistakes are to help you develop your purpose, not shame and guilt.
You are so much more than your mistakes.
I'm not afraid to make mistakes. I'm afraid of not learning from them.
Your Mistakes don't define you, rather it directs you towards your goal and leads you to victory.
Learning from your mistake is good, but learning from others mistake is better.
There are no mistakes in art.
If you're making mistakes it means you're out there doing something.
In the end, the only way is to be better than that person who let you down... and better than the monster you used to be...
Every second a seeker can start over,For his life's mistakesAre initial draftsAnd not the final version.
She'd created her own hell, and now that she had learned to control her fear, she knew how to create her own paradise.
She liked to imagine that when she passed, the world looked after her, but she also knew how anonymous she was. Except when she was at work, no one knew where she was at any time of day and no one waited for her. It was immaculate anonymity.
I often choose to be alone, but I never feel lonely.
There is a lot of pain in being lonely, but a lot of beauty in being alone.
Its better to regrets what you did, than regret what you didn't do.
Bravery is the solution to regret.
I've seen so many versions of you. With me. Without me. Artist. Teacher. Graphic designer. But it's all, in the end, just life. We see it macro, like one big story, but when you're in it, it's all just day-to-day, right? And isn't that what you have to make your peace with?
When all you wanted was to be wanted, you wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now.
I refuse to live a life of regret. I refuse to hope things will get better in the future when I have complete control over making them the best possible right here and now. We have one life-and none of us knows how long our life will be or what will becomme of it. The possibilities are truly infinite.
What you don't sweat out when you're young will turn into tears when you're old.
If you are single and don't want to be. The only regret is staying that way.
I don't fear death, I fear I haven't done enough before it happens
I refuse to suffer the torment of regret that comes from living a "what if" life.
To regret your soul is to regret your past.
The day I started fearing regret is the day I decided to never stop.
It takes courage to own up your actions that hurt others, to look Into the eye and to mean the sorry, To accept the mistake and not deny, all of this needs courage.
If you have trouble getting motivated always remember that time is going to pass either way and that eventually regret is going to make its way around.
Live your life so you don't have to have any regrets when you throw your 70 year old birthday party
Sometimes it took death for me to see life, don't live with regrets keep your head high. In a world filled with beauty I don't want to blink twice; soak up every moment because you can't stop time.
We can spend today joyously celebrating potential by acting upon our purpose, or we can spend it mourning the days and opportunities gone by. the first will find you amongst the few who are content and accomplished; the latter will find you with the suffering majority as you exhaustedly swim in the ocean of regret.
I'm not leaving you. We still have a chance." "How?"Kayson's voice echoes his hopelessness. He's already given up."Hey, as long as we are still breathing, we still have a chance. If you quit, then you're quitting on me too.
Bravery comes one day at a time.
Mr. Montag, you are looking at a coward. I saw the way things were going a long time back. I said nothing. I am one of the innocents who could have spoken up and out when no one would listen to the 'guilty,' but I did not speak and thus became guilty myself.
If you are foe, we do not fear you. If you are friend, your foes will be taught the fear of us.
Cowardice is for cowards. Fear is for people with brains and eyes and functioning nerve endings.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life-and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
Bravery in a fictional character is one thing--it's easy to imagine and easy to write. Bravery in real life offers many challenges. We want to believe we will be brave if a situation requires us to. But if we over-think it, we will certainly fail. One simply needs to act toward the best possible result rather than to ponder all of the possibilities.
I can't go down without a fight. Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to. to show the Capitol they don't own me. That I'm more than just a piece in their Games.
It is okay to climb as long as you are not afraid, because being afraid is what made you fall
- You're going to have to be brave.- I'm always brave.- Braver than that.
It is not because things are difficult that we dare not undertake them. Be then bold in spirit. Indulge no doubts, for doubts are traitors.
There is no history of anything happening until it does.And then there is.
It is good to be brave, it is better to be good; strive to be both.
I can't be my own person if I constantly require someone else to hold me together.
Anyone can be brave for five minutes or an hour or two. The bravery no one talks about is the hardest bravery of all. When you get up in the morning even though you'd rather be dead, that's brave.
Keep calm. You have the forest in your blood.
I feel the fear, but I walk fast toward it.
Fearing our confrontations is one thing... facing them unarmed is a completely different matter.
It takes bravery to recognize where in your life you are your own poison... it takes courage to do something about it.
Bravery is not the trait of a fearless person, lest the reckless actions of a fool be considered brave. Bravery is the quality that allows us to overcome our fears and succeed.
Fear breeds cowardice, and cowardice compels bravery.
Bravery and Stupidity are the same thing, the outcome determines your label.
Be calm, be brave, it'll be okay.
I'll get there, if I leave everything but my bones behind," said Sam. "And I'll carry Mr. Frodo up myself, if it breaks my back and heart.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so wel
Great difficulties may be surmounted by patience and perseverance.
The more difficulties one has to encounter, within and without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.
Difficulties are what makes it honorable and interesting to be alive.
Brotherhood is born in adversity.
Adversity is neither friend nor foe. It is a common acquaintance that is desired less and rewarded most when embraced.
Sometimes we have to reach rock bottom before we're willing to rise up and overcome our trials.
It's not all about mountaintops. Mostly it's about training so that you'll know the mountaintop for what it is when you get there.
Adversity is hidden treasure of life.
Adversity is test of faith.
If you knew the golden treasures of adversity, you will bravely embrace it.
You will never truly know yourself, or the strength of your relationships, until both have been tested by adversity.
We learn much by tribulation, and by adversity our hearts are made better. -Bishop Milton Wright to Orville Wright, 20 Sept. 1908
To solve a problem, you need to remove the cause, not the symptom.
Adversity is a better educator than the best teacher.
Adversity only makes us stronger.Every adversity we overcome makes our spirit and soul grow stronger.
Adversity is the litmus of faith, and only by continuing on in a spirit of total determination and self belief do we achieve what we set out to do.
Be kind whenever, you can.
Be what you wish to be.
You can never know where you are going unless you know where you have been.
You must get close to people and then you know who they are.
It is you who must someday break through the protective polish of who you are, to become naked and powerful to who you can truly be.
Rise up and be you. Your rise is your growth.
Dramatic. A well developed sense of the dramatic has values beyond what people usually imagine. One of these is to realise the limitations of a sense of the dramatic.
Such is life. We grow up. Planets like Tiny get new moons. Moons like me get new planets.
He was an astronaut without a suit, but he was still breathing.
It's easy to grow old if you haven't grown up
I'm not perfect and the older I get the more I realise that.
Growth is life, and life is for ever destined to make for light.
Jump, when they say, and ask, how high? It is the only way to truly fit in. And who would want to be any different?
When I was young, I used to wish I would fit in. I'm glad I didn't get my wish.
You cannot stop the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can stop them nesting in your hair.
In times of sorrow, be still.
Dealing with pain for surviving on this thirsty concrete
When you are innocently covered by sorrow, It shall be turned into joy.
don't just listen to people crying, hear the reasons why they cry
To laugh often and much,to win the respect of the intelligent peopleand the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest criticsand endure the betrayal of false friends;to appreciate beauty;to find the best in others; to leave the world.
When you make things too easy on someone, you're giving them a discount on your worth.
When you end a chapter in your book of 'Wrong Men,' don't close the book of your love story, just turn the page.
You fall in love and it completely consumes you. So a part of you is broken when that's gone. And part of you wants to have that rebellious feeling where you're just like "Forget it- I can do anything i want" I've tried it and I've never been that girl. I'm always going to be the girl you want to take home to your parents, not for the night. 
Why one human being is attracted to another is one of the great mysteries of the world.
Relationships are not additive, but multiplicative because you connect with his/her childhood experiences, past relationships, thoughts on money and more.
She could not descend to an existence where her brain would explode under the pressure of forcing itself not to outdistance incompetence. She could not function to the rule of: Pipe down-keep down-slow down-don't do your best, it is not wanted!
The greatest achievement is self discovery.
If you list down whatever you didn't get to do, then whatever you did won't feel like it mattered.
Hard work is the formula for success.
When instinct speaks, listen to it. It might be the next push you need to reach greater heights.
If you try anything, if you try to lose weight, or to improve yourself, or to love, or to make the world a better place, you have already achieved something wonderful, before you even begin. Forget failure. If things don't work out the way you want, hold your head up high and be proud, and try again.
Every single achievement you make, every single life you change and every single skill you acquire brings you one step closer to becoming a better leader. Every day you can improve the leader in you to become a better person and a greater leader.
When it comes to achieving, what matters is you to know, what you really want and make up your mind to believe in your own efforts that you will achieve and you will make it with ease.
In achieving your greatest potential in life, the more enemies you'll make but just Take care and play the game smart.
The day you yearn greatly for in your life, will never come so easily as you think without great sacrifice.
When you weep and lament, you will struggle to achieve and rejoice.
I would rather aim high and miss the mark than low and make it.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach anything better.
Once you make a journey to a near impossible destination, you get to realize how everything and anything is possible
I'm often asked what I think about as I run. Usually the people who ask this have never run long distances themselves. I always ponder the question. What exactly do I think about when I'm running? I don't have a clue.
So long as governments set the example of killing their enemies, private individuals will occasionally kill theirs.
In the English language, it all comes down to this: Twenty-six letters, when combined correctly, can create magic. Twenty -six letters form the foundation of a free, informed society.
You suffer the blow, but you capitalize on the opportunity left in its wake.
Leaving North Korea is not like leaving any other country. It is more like leaving another universe. I will never truly be free of its gravity, no matter how far I journey.
I write so that my handful of pebbles, cast daily into still waters, will produce a ripple. 
Murphy's law inverted: What can go right, will go right. (Works if you're an optimist.)
Murphy's law inverted: What can go right, will go right.
They say the truth will set you free, but what they neglect to mention is what happens when the truth isn't what you want to hear.
Tomorrow is promised to no one so live your life fully everyday.
The shape of your life depends upon whether you choose to be the sculptor or the clay.
I wonder who else in the world was having such an exquisite dawn.
Who knows what the long-term effects of saving rescue dogs are and the healing lessons and love they bring to Earth? Each one of us has the capacity to influence hundreds - even thousands of people or animals through the way we live our lives.
We're distracted and we let the door slam on the person behind us, we trip over curbs as we're texting, we're...sedentary, weighed down, collapsed over the laptop. ...We've forgotten how to move through life with grace.
It is not a crime to commit First Degree Writing
The Americans were understandably on hair triggers. There was a good reason for all of this security. For despite TV images of quick victory, much of Baghdad certainly had not fallen and firefights with die-hard Ba'athists loyal to Saddam Hussein were raging all over the city.
Indie authors write, design, sell. Like magic, skip one and you make must read vanish.
I define success as being the best, authentic me that I can be.
How deluded we sometimes are by the clear notions we get out of books.
Choose this life. Choose this body. Say yes to all of it. Say yes to the beauty and the good and the ugly and the difficult. Choose what you have, what you are. Choose this moment. Choose to love and remember. You are full. You are alive.
You kids were all planned, you were just planned really, really quickly.
[V]alue your dreams but . . . be wary of them also, . . . look for integrity in unusual places.
I always felt awkward and unfinished, unworthy of love, suspicious of affection offered. My mother's absence became a great presence in my life.
I try to be perfect but I'm not. I'm perfectly imperfect in every way.
You can only move if you are actually in the moment. You have to be where you are to get where you need to go.
We cannot honor those we have lost if we lose our minds. - Charmainism
It's only natural for people to fall, but there are people who, even if they fall, jump right back up right away and run forward, and there are people who just keep sitting there, crying.
I guess this means we're uck-fayed, don't it Mikee?
Every day is a new beginning, the building of a habit. Every action is a step in some direction. There is no pause in living.
If variety is the spice of life, then my life must be one of the spiciest you ever heard of. A curry of a life. -Paul Child
...The more I learned the more I realized how very much one has to know before one is in-the-know at all.
I discovered that when one follows the artist's eye one sees unexpected treasures in so many seemingly ordinary scenes.
He wasn't a great man, but he had a great life.
I used to think a drug addict was someone who lived on the far edges of society. Wild-eyed, shaven-headed and living in a filthy squat.That was until I became one...
Your past doesn't dictate what your future will be.
Chris didn't need to learn how to conquer fear. He had to embrace it, walk with it and listen to it.
Some people like me, some don't. I don't understand, Where the difference comes from. My heart like them all. For a simple childish reason. We all are created equal, we all are humans.
think think think until you blink
It's not what you look at that matters, It's what you see
There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another.
Kids are real artists. They'd rather paint the outside of the box than being stuck inside.
An artist is nothing without his or her obsessions, and I have mine.
From the moment I held the box of colors in my hands, I knew this was my life. I threw myself into it like a beast that plunges towards the thing it loves.
Mediocrity is Death.
The hardest thing is to do something which is close to nothing because it is demanding all of you.
Every capitalist is rich, but every rich is not a capitalist.
Capitalism is an ability to stay rich and keep getting rich.
Possibly, some cynic, at once merry and bitter, had desired to signify, in this pantomimic scene, that we mortals, whatever our business or amusement--however serious, however trifling--all dance to one identical tune, and, in spite of our ridiculous activity, bring nothing finally to pass.
Empowerment is the ability to refine, improve, and enhance your life without co-dependency.
It's not that difficult you see, To be all that you can be;For the true secret to success, Is simply this...ALWAYS do your best.
Adorn ritual; decorate shrines of love, hope, tranquility. Be significant. Arrive deliberate. . .
She made the mistake of raising me to have a voice
A person who does not know himself... can not commit to another person. Without being genuine to yourself you are unable to be genuine to anyone else.
Stop making shame a virtue.
I don't want other people to decide what I am. I want to decide that for myself.
It would be a word of empowerment, imagine every word coming from your mouth with a true desire to offer help to people knowing they are themselves powerful but need upliftment sometimes.
Vulnerability is not a weakness, it strengthensone and allows one to be okay with ones emotions. Be in touch with yourself.Be yourself!
Sometimes we need to examine who we are,what we stand for and the people we allow in our lives.
Letting go of resentment or hurt allows you to take your power back. Forgiveness isn't about saying what happened to you is okay. It is about living your life in the present and letting go of the past.
All mothers breed dead children.
I already knew the next story that I was going to rewrite from the beginning. Mine.
Loss gives us a chance for an upgrade.
It takes a little crazy to make a difference.
That's not in my yard.
Life's adversity strengthens us to embrace - life's true purpose and destiny.
May you can continue unhindered, by inviting immense clarity, prosperity and purpose - into your life.
Life is unfolding by each step you take - but, it is fulfilled by every choice you make.
Honor your joy today, whilst it replenishes and strengthens you - in the company of your Soul.
Your inner joy will journey alongside you - supported within the company of your Soul.
Summon your inner courage to ensure you strive unhindered - toward your chosen goals.
Through joy, the Soul finds its greatest - physical expression.
Your Soul helps you fulfill all you wish to achieve & shares - all you are destined to know.
Your joy ensures your life experiences, always serve to support you - along life's chosen path.
Christmas, just like life itself - will become all that you choose or want it, to be.
Through joy, the Soul confirms your ability to remain victorious - even in the midst of defeat.
Let the Soulful will of all that exists within - gift you the knowledge to fulfill all that is, without.
Soulfully encouraged on Christmas day, to journey freely - toward your chosen goals.
This Christmas may you courageously venture - toward each new and unfolding horizon.
May the pathways that are Soulfully gifted to you, never be ignored - but, always embraced.
Allow Christmas day to blossom in the bosom of your own inner joy & happiness.
In the midst of embracing life secrets, you will remain purposely guided - throughout your life.
The Soul's knowledge is lovingly gifted, just as you are presented with gifts - from those you love.
Through your Soul's partnership the answers to all of life's questions - mysteriously come tumbling forth.
Uncover your life's purpose, not just armed with your faith - but, in the company of your Soul.
The Soul does not just share the answers you seek - but, how all you want can be achieved.
Allow Soul's unique knowledge to filter freely from your Soul - through to your Mind.
Trust all you wish to achieve, in the aftermath of Christmas will harmoniously begin to unfold.
Look toward the Soul's guidance, which is not just ready to be shared - but, awaits you acceptance.
Honor the freedom to celebrate Christmas, not alone - but, in the company of all those you love, too.
Christmas, so joyfully celebrated within our hearts and within the hearts of countless others.
Today, may you be filled with an immense sense of inner peace, unity, joy & happiness.
Let the life of one so dear be celebrated and embraced - with each passing day.
Amidst such Soulful exploration each passage - is given new meaning, wisdom & insight.
Support the free spirited nature of your Soul & the Soulful energy that exists within - all living Souls.
Use this day to honor the memory of Christmas - whilst it remains celebrated in your life.
Let each Soulful insight, encourage you to - joyfully partake of Christmas in your own way.
What is important is what can be explored throughout Christmas, in the company of your Soul.
Amidst such Soulful freedom, Christmas is never hindered - but, freely embraced.
The yearly tradition of Christmas is bountifully supported - without the need to ever fade.
Christmas is supported through celebration, joyfully passed on - from generation to generation.
Celebrate Christmas in your own way, among those you love and even if - you are alone.
Graciously honor the freedom at which Christmas so peacefully - came into being.
As you embrace Christmas, you embrace the magnitude of your life's journey & purpose.
Let the essence of Christmas blossom within - as the countdown to Christmas begins.
Celebrate the life you have been gifted thus far, supporting the arrival of Christmas day.
Never allow yourself to become despondent or weary, as you venture along life's chosen path.
To entertain your worries and woes, is to invite the inevitability of defeat - into your life.
As Christmas approaches remember all that you have experienced - has not been in vain.
All we endured throughout the year was - but an integral part of our life's learning & evolution.
Whether you are with those you love or alone, you are contributing to Christmas, in your own way.
As we celebrate the evolution of the life of one so special, we embrace the meaning of life, itself.
As we fulfill our life's journey & path - let us remain trusting of the inner guidance of our Soul.
May you be spurred into action, not just by what you read - but all your Soul is willing to share.
In the company of the Soul's inner guidance, let us celebrate all we are destined to know.
The Soul's knowledge, which pertains only to you - should be acted upon today and put to good use.
The Soul's secrets from within - help unlock the secrets of all that exists, without.
May this Soulful understanding of Christmas invite - the peace, harmony and serenity you deserve.
By Soulfully understanding all you are - there is no need to fret about what to do next, or when.
Let me share my loving care upon those who are not my children - yet, willing to see me as their Father.
Help me to understand, what my grief has prevented me from seeing - within.
Let your children uplift your burdens and allow your role as a mother - to flourish and grow.
Your empowerment remains Soulfully supported from within.
Embrace the true essence of Christmas - by embracing the gift and essence of life, itself.
Even in the midst of life's adversity, struggle or strife; Love's enduring presence remains steadfast.
Be encouraged to Soulfully affirm all that is duty bound to unfold in your life.
May the mysteries that confound you, be unraveled.
A new voyage of discovery - leading you, toward your very own brand of hidden treasure.
It is only upon life's new journey & pathway that your greatest learning - will be experienced.
Let what is Soulfully shared this Christmas, remind you of all you have the power to achieve.
As Christmas draws near, let the words resonate - not just within your heart & mind, but Soul.
Ignite the boldest of your dreams!
May you find the strength and resolve today, to allow a deeper sense of healing to begin.
Let the pain & suffering of all that appears to be lost, be soothed, healed & comforted.
May all you affirm and believe be given the opportunity to manifest - day by day.
Life's Answers, will always come to You in unexpected ways; different shapes & guises.
It is within your loving and welcoming arms that a new generation will arrive & be greeted.
Motherhood unwittingly molds us into all we are now, or are - destined to be.
Let the voices of all mothers be heard, as we come to honor the gift of Motherhood.
Your inner understanding of Love - can be extended beyond all you have ever known, before.
May you uncover the wisdom that summons the answers - to all that you seek.
Nurture the Power & Wisdom of your Own Inner Strengths, with Good Intent.
May my children follow their own intuition to discover true empowerment - in the answers they seek.
May you become empowered from within - to make your way boldly, along life's unique journey.
Fearlessly use the power of your will & determination to go forth in life, strengthened.
Allow love, to illuminate the unknown pathways that are destined - to be traveled.
In expression of Fatherhood I evolve to become - all I was destined, to be.
When you walk in the company of your courage, nothing & no one - can stand in your way.
Affirm your life's destiny & purpose to ensure - both are graciously fulfilled.
Embrace all you do not just want - but, all you truly deserve.
May you enter into a new phase in your life. One that affirms your life's purpose.
Allow yourself to be freed from the constraints of what the mind knows, believes & thinks.
May you find solace & be comforted by love's inner warmth, and glow.
Motherhood furnishes us with, not just giving life - but, partaking of life's learning.
On this day of love, embrace the freedom, to not just give love - but to receive it, too.
Let us acknowledge the magnitude of Motherhood, by simply honoring all mothers- past & present.
May the pathways that have taken you along the road to loss, guide you along the road to healing.
Become Empowered, not just in Mind and Body - but in Spirit, too.
Let strength and wisdom carry you forward beyond the limited horizons - you may have once envisioned.
Your loss, serves as a stark reminder that, although I feel so alone-I am not alone.
As a Father, I willingly nurture & protect the Soul's of all those - I love.
The Mind may relish the companionship of bloated self-pride - but the Soul, will not.
Let your doubts & fears melt away, as you fulfill your life's destiny & goals.
You are no longer constrained by the mind's limitations-but, freed by the Soul's inner guidance.
Soulfully partake of life, not how you envisage - but, in a manner that was ordained.
When I am encouraged, I never see obstacles in my way, only exciting challenges.
Let strength & wisdom carry you forward beyond the limited horizons - you may have once envisioned.
Do not just envisage your own hopes, dreams - but, have the courage to strive toward them.
Embrace the notion of venturing beyond your own limits.
Never fear Love's absence in your life, because it already exists within you, in great abundance.
These words are not just destined to be shared with the mind - but, the Soul.
Summon the strength of your capabilities -not just housed in the mind - but, empowered within the Soul.
Journey freely along your chosen path, in a manner of your own choosing.
I lived through this horror, and no one can tell me I have to stay quiet."I have been silenced long enough, and I will not allow that family to silence me again. I will continue to speak out and make sure my voice is heard.
Empowerment is the intentional absence of negativity.
Even the simplest tools can empower people to do great things
Believe in yourself and great things will happen.
Diversity is wisdom.
In short, superheroes balance the forces of light and dark, rage and serenity, and the sacred and the profane within themselves and from it forge an identity that is powerful and purposeful.
Read to lead in order to succeed.
To those of us who often procrastinate on the decision we feel intimidated by lack of education or any area of weakness. I relieve you with this statement: It is not how much you know that arms you with the tools of great decision making, but rather how much you ask. Ask questions.
Stand in Your Power: When a woman stands in her power and speaks her truth from the heart, it brings balance into the Universe and the opportunity to connect fully with Divine source
Do not covet your ideas. Give away everything you know and more will come back to you.
The key to genius is knowing how to make connections.
FOR BEING A SUCESSFUL PERSON, ONE NEEDS TO HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF DIVERSIFIED FEILDS. IT WILL IMPROVE YOUR THOUGHTS AND GIVES YOU CREATIVE IDEAS. YOUR VISION WILL BE BROADER AND AIM WILL BE HIGH. WHAT IT NEEDS TO HAVE CONFIDENCE IN YOU!
You Believe what you see, You Perceive what you do.
The powerlessness of people with pure intentions, in the long run, can sometimes be more powerful than power in the hands of those blinded or depraved by evil tempers.
With astonishing wonder, I have seen the magic of life, the power of thoughts, and the beauty of imagination.
Dreams dress us carefully in the colors of power and faith.
Got just enough room to be a friend of yours. Oh I hope you got room to be a friend of mine.
An ethics of desire is good news for those of us who have become allergic to an ethics of law.
A true leader does not derive power from his position, but from his ethics, from people's love for him, and from his knowledge, education and excellence in his field of work.
Be true to yourself-at the core of your leadership are your values and morals.
Swag is my ethic, s/o to my bitches
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing.
Your boss loves your ideas ... it's you he doesn't care about.
Time heals all wounds. Unless they're infected. Like gangrene. That shit'll kill you.
My mother had tried to fool me into thinking I was a natural beauty, and I'd believed her for a little while, that is, until I moved to the land of beautiful people.
My life was full of drama, with the highs and lows of Tyler's daily mood swings and my private innuendos with Vandenberg. There'd never been a movie made that could permanently shift my mood away from my disappointment with myself.
I could feel the spring in my step as I walked up one flight of stairs from the parking garage into the company's lobby. Although I wore my old blue suit, a remnant of all my previous job interviews, I felt the day had new possibilities. After all, I was interviewing at a company that made something I loved - movies!
A life without trouble and tragedy is boring and not a plot for comedy.
Listen to Understand. Not to Reply!!!!
I'm so out of shape I take steroids just to watch sports.
lol christine lyf
Bad improvisers block action, often with a high degree of skill. Good improvisers develop action."(p.115)
I'm gonna be percy Jackson when I grow up," she told Hazel solemnly.Hazel Smiled and ruffled her hair. "That's a good thing to be, Julia.""Although," Frank said. "Frank Zhang would be good too.
I am not surprised by any situation.
Stop wasting so much energy hating your body; it makes you weaker. Everything good in your life begins from the moment you begin accepting, understanding, respecting, and loving your true self.
TRUE Hebrew Israelites DO NOT hate white people.TRUE Hebrew Israelites DO NOT have more than one wife.TRUE Hebrew Israelites DO NOT smoke marijuana or do any other types of drugsTRUE Hebrew Israelites DO NOT have to stand on corners Intimidating people into believing the way.
May the Father be gracious according to your needs.Dear Father preserve their life,relieve them of pain,restore them to good health and strengh.Put them in your fatherly care.Forgive them all their sins. So they may be at peace with you.
Let us express love to lead and lead to love.
Listening is the art of love and appreciation.
How can you reform when you are always busy conforming?
Everything gets better with milk.
Every morning do not go to work, but go to actualize your desire filled dreams.
If you like to live an abundant life, express joy and gratitude for what you have.
Gratitude is a choice which can change our lives for the better.
Remember to be kind. Always.
Tomorrow is a new day if you begin it today.
Miracles are happening every moment. You just have to be ready to see them.
Get lost in the beauty and tranquility of nature to find your true self again and again.
Love is an all powerful, endless, mysterious, miraculous, primordial, attractive force that flows from one heart to another to unfold the beauty of life.
Education opens eyes to see, feel, and enjoy the beauty of life in a different way.
A true friend is like an umbrella that opens her heart to protect you on those rainy days.
Pray as flowers pray for beauty.
A true friend pays attention without seeking it.
Education is the key which opens the magical door of wisdom which reveals the beauty.
All I want to do is to find the joy of life.
When you love nature, it always loves you back with the fragrance of flowers.
A seeker ventures out to find beauty. When he is on the top of a mountain, he discovers that beauty is inside of his heart.
Life is an adventurous ride in a train we call time.
Nourish yourself with the water of love to grow flowers of happiness in the garden of your heart.
Do not follow conformity toward the darkness. Follow the light of wisdom to fill the world with happiness.
Every moment in our lives brings the opportunity to love and appreciate this beautiful magical life.
Be mindful and love yourself.
Women are the flower in the garden of humanity.
Every morning I drink a glass of water to be humble and simple like water.
Women are soft, loving, and kind. Do not mistake softness and kindness as weakness. Water is soft, but stone cannot break the water. However, water can break the stone.
Without women, humanity will be history.
This moment is a moment of beauty.
Life is a dancing dew drop on the tip of a leaf.
Love is like electricity, you can't see it, but it can enlighten you or it can burn you.
Be happy with yourself to encourage others.
In any situation, the ability to see true beauty gives you true freedom.
Life is ephemeral like the journey of a dew drop. We must not forget to glitter.
Flowers are the smiles of earth inviting you to enjoy the beauty of love.
Never expect anything without being prepared to give.
You can never lose anything. You only gain the moment of beauty like a bud transforms into a flower.
I am curious. I like to know the beauty of truth.
Let it go with love, you will never lose anything.
There is no absolute truth. There is only your truth.
Curiosity is the fire of desires that burns the dust to reveal the diamond.
Deep darkness enhances the brightness and beauty of a little lamp.
What I say has no value if you do not love, enjoy, or admire it.
Let us not demand love; it will fly away. Just feel and give love, and it will be yours.
Nothing lasts for long. Even moments of beauty transcend and transform.
The deeper you love, the deeper you can feel, and the deeper you will understand love.
Wounds are the fertile ground where flowers of kindness and wisdom will grow and thrive.
You will not be rewarded for your good nature. Your good nature is your reward.
You make yourself happy while talking to someone. You will cease to talk when you lose the desire to impress that person.
If we could see the beauty and miracle of transformation that happens to us every second, we would never complain again.
A leader may lead, but you have to follow to reach the destination.
Most often we call a person intelligent when they learn to conform to the societal norm. Are they wise?
Tranquil breeze Glittering beach Dancing water Bluest skyMy mind flies high with joyful laughter.
Decorate yourself with the beauty of love.
Life must be enjoyed to be truly lived.
To feel the joy of presence, do not try to express or impress.
You are the universe, so see the beauty of nature and feel the joy of life.
If you want to be loved, love deeply and get lost in love.
Nature suffers the most but never complains. Flowers never forget to bloom and beautify the world.
Knowledge is abundant, but wisdom is rare.
Face the fear with face up,and fear will melt away.
Be a lover, nother else will matter.
Love more, fear less.
If you can feel it, you can find it.
Life is a most wonderful but wild dream.
Faith is the feather that can let us fly.
It's not the glitter, but the love, that makes things beautiful.
The more I love, the more flowers bloom in my heart.
You are a child of humanity and every day is your precious birthday.
Let us be loving, be kind, be simple, be silly, be happy.
Count your blessings to fill your life with bliss.
Women are binding and men are commanding.
Let us be silent to listen to the heart's songs of eternity. Let us be kind to feel the beauty of tranquility. Let us vanish to belong and be nothing.
What we touch with our fingers is false. What we feel through our perceptions is real. What we see through our eyes is an illusion, but what we see through our heart is real.
Life is for happiness not for success.
A baby is a flower of hope, a song of eternity, and a promise of love and beauty of humanity.
Ambition is the ignition of a car we call life.
Ambition is the driving engine behind every great success.
Just love as you breathe.
You see beauty, not with your eyes, with your beloved heart.
Never forget to stop and drink the beauty of roses to get drunk for a few moments of life.
Fall in love. It will reveal your true beauty.
Outer beauty is transient, but the beauty of the soul is everlasting.
Love, not because of beauty, because of who they are.
We are floating with the stream of time like a bubble with a stream of water.
I was up all night just to talk to myself about you.
It is spring, let us dance and dream with flowers. Let us sing and enjoy the trees.
A friend is a bird who can understand you and sing along with you even when you lose your voice.
You will never truly realize the value of life until you take your very last breath.
Spring is the time to bloom like a flower with all our beauty. It is the time to spread the fragrance of our love and fill the air with joy.
We keep our eyes tightly shut and complain that there are no lights.
You lose your power not by giving it away, but by not giving it away.
If you love what you do, it isn't your job, it is your love affair.
Some people feel the coolness of winter and complain. Some people endure, enjoy, and wait for spring.
Bloom like a flower with fragrance so others can enjoy you during the joyous springtime.
Life is a vacation to enjoy the beauty of life.
Life is like a flowing river. Just like the speed of time, it will never come back.
We do not need to teach our children how to fight. We need to teach our children the miraculousness and transientness of life.
Love is my strength, power, and shelter.
I am living. I am a miracle. Everyday of my life is miraculous!
Let us choose to live our lives with the joy of loving.
Everything gets better with the touch of love.
If I ever come back to this world, I will enjoy the spring endlessly.
If only I can realize how ephemeral my life is, then I will never be able to hurt anyone.
It is winter--the best time to dream of spring.
When you love more than you receive, you create a positive vibe that enhances the beauty of this earth.
Love builds the wings that set us free.
When you act strong you are truly weak. When you are soft and kind your heart is truly strong.
Every day the sun is rising for you.Every morning birds are singing for you. In the garden, flowers are blooming for you. Every river is flowing with life just for you.
Beauty is the expression of the hearts truth.
Problems come to our life not to give us pain, but to make us humble, kind, strong and fearless.
True education does not fill our minds with facts but teach us how to think to gain wisdom.
Faith is the flower that unfolds its own beauty without knowing how it will fulfill life's duty.
Things do not belong to us but we belong to things.
Everything becomes yours when we learn to long and love for everything.
The depth of friendship depends on the depth of our love.
Keep knocking with the hammer of your love. The door will open when the power is strong enough.
Feel the attraction. Do not resist the love. Give yourself for love.
Fill yourself with love and happiness, but never give up the desire to love more.
A leader inspires others to dream more. The actions of a really good leader will show how to achieve that dream.
Let us go beyond the boundaries of right and wrong. Let us vanish in the beauty of love.
Do not feel alone.You are connected to everyoneyesterday, today, and for days to come connected with a threadless garlandthat is love.
For a moment, just be silent and feel the joy of life.
Always keep open the window of your mind to let in love.
Empty yourself to fill the void with love.
Let me not fear the tragedies of life but fear the triumphs.
Each sunrise brings a new day with new hopes for a new beginning.
Help humanity to help yourself. Love humanity to love yourself.
Information has more power than any atom bomb.
Accept changes, with love, to fill life with happiness.
Let it go to have it forever.
Play to win but never fear to lose. Win or lose-either way you are a winner.
The true focus of revolutionary change is never merely the oppressive situations which we seek to escape, but that piece of the oppressor which is planted deep within each of us, and which knows only the oppressors' tactics, the oppressors' relationships.
The reality of our connection is a new story for the whole of civilization, and operating from the wisdom of relatedness is a radical act. It is the stuff of peaceful revolution and lasting transformation.
When you are trying to do something very innovative and revolutionary, you must also open yourself to a lot of questions.
Were revolutions ever really that we thought them to be?
Were revolutions ever really what we thought them to be?
A revolution was inevitably coming; the earth was destined to be reclaimed, renewed and revived.
A conscience is easier to swallow on an empty belly, simpler to swing with a broken wrist. The people who hate money are the ones who don't have any. The people who hate power are the ones who are powerless
If you follow your heart, you will find your own sacred path.
Never depend on a road, depend on your strides
If you find wisdom, you will discover the light of bright path.
I was on the path of the warrior, when I realized I was the warrior.
Whenever new shorts cuts open the old roads get freer
You have to choose what you want to be.You have to choose your own path in life.
Tell me about your life since I last saw you." | "There are no great mysteries to tell. My path is always there, and I do everything I can to follow it in a dignified way." | "What is your path?" | "The path of someone seeking love." | "And love's path is really complicated." | "Because on that path we can go either to heaven or to hell?
I love books because I don't have to wait for the commercials to be over to find out what happens.
People enter different paths seeking for happiness and fulfillment. We must respect other people's individuality. Just because they're not on your path doesn't mean they are on the wrong track.
We all have different paths in life. As in purpose, so is happiness. As our purposes differ, so do our roads to happiness differ, though we may have common grounds.
Staying in alignment with truth will always illuminate the path of another soul's journey.
Prayer's value is not that it makes challenges go away,but that it changes my perception and experience within them.~ Life at First Sight: Finding the Divine in the Details
Without our Spiritual nature, life's a gift we can never fully unwrap."~ With Thine Own Eyes: Why Imitate the Past, When We Can Investigate Reality?
Life is too short to bullshit.
I never fancied cats much till I found the First Mate," he remarked, to the accompaniment of the Mate's tremendous purrs. "I saved his life, and when you've saved a creature's life you're bound to love it. It's next thing to giving life.
Without close and reciprocal relationships with other animal beings, we're alienated from the rich, diverse, and magnificent world in which we live.
If you do not have a memory like an elephant, leave impressions like one.
Walk in kindness toward the Earth and every living being. Without kindness and compassion for all of Mother Nature's creatures, there can be no true joy; no internal peace, no happiness. Happiness flows from caring for all sentient beings as if they were your own family, because in essence they are. We are all connected to each other and to the Earth.
Daisy didn't just change our lives, she changed our destiny.
But perhaps the most important lesson I learned is that there are no walls between humans and the elephants except those that we put up ourselves, and that until we allow not only elephants, but all living creatures their place in the sun, we can never be whole ourselves.
Don't judge a cat by its coat.
It is better to be still than to speak when you are angry.
If we knew all the answers, we won't ask questions.
Gray hair is the glory of a long life.
Be like a fresh flowing stream.
Relax and be refreshed.
A child who goes to school and shares his or her lunch with the classmates, is a billion times greater and more religious than all the book-learned priests, imams, rabbis and pundits in the world combined.
Don't worry about the smallest size that light can be, it will chase away the darkness.
It's not how you start, it's how you finish.
You don't know your presence of tomorrow, so why to WASTE today?!!!
Don't go into the business of pleasing people. You can't please everybody. Simply do your best at what you do
Remember some books are meant to be tasted, some books are meant to be chewed and, finally, some books are meant to be swallowed whole.
Triumphant moments are for wise thinkers...
My emotions still held a stubborn hope that humans could be loyal, that they could hold out against the promise of an easy life. But I knew better.
Mindful Monday Humans, May your coffee kick in before reality does.
Irrationality is the exclusive preserve of humans as among all creatures only we have the power to rationalise, that being the art of packaging patently irrational as apparently rational.
One of the greatest dangers of great dreams in your youth is waking up to despair as an adult.
May your faith be firm.
In the midst of uncertainty, Doubt stealthy in. And in the face of Doubt, One must hold steadfast to Hope.
In the depths of horror and despair, one comes to a new steadiness. There is no farther to fall.
Hope is immeasurable anchor.
I remember in treatment, Mr. Shaw told me that the alcohol and drugs never were my problem. He said the alcohol and drugs were my solution and that was my problem. And he was right.
And even if you hate her, can't stand her, even if she's ruining your life, there's something about her, some romance, some power. She's absolutely herself. No matter how hard you try, you'll never get to her. And when she dies, the world will be flat, too simple, reasonable, fair.
I love you every day,Mom
my mother is a good mathematicianshe was able to divide 3 eggsinto 8 mouths equally every day
I can never get used to not having you around Nanay. I travel the world but I can't find anybody like you!
My mother is the one true hero of my life
A dog's love is only second to that of a mother's.
There are many things for which I owe gratitude to my dad. Most of all, I am grateful to the only man who could love my mother more than me.
People who lost their mother should be careful about committing crime, because probably no one else is praying to save you.
Although we try to control it in a million different ways, the only things you can ever really do to time are enjoy it, or waste it. That's it.
We may not be able to control what happens to us, but we can always control how we react.
The tobacco control movement provides a good model for how to achieve massive societal changes. In 1965, over 50 percent of men and 34 percent of women smoked. By 2010, only 23.5 percent of men and 17.9 percent of women were smoking (CDC 2011). These numbers represent one of the twentieth century's most important public health achievements.
Oh, please stop, I said, moving to sit down beside her on the bed. No. Nothing like that. It's. it's letting someone that close to me. Physically and emotionally. Randy and I got close a few times, but. I chickened out. I'm afraid of letting someone have that kind of power over me. Not being in control is what scares me.
Just breathe," my mom would say, "Ten tiny breaths... Seize them. Feel them. Love them.
The control of your mind is most important, and it will be worth your while. You must think deeply. Clear your mind of all bad, unwanted thoughts
She was in control of her life, even though it seemed she wasn't. All she had to do was take the steering wheel and start driving.
If we spend enough time dreaming, then the dream might eventually become real.
The man who dreams in sleeping, leads to sleeping when thinking
Dreams are achieved by sweat, blood, tears and an iron will!
Never chase people in your life. No one is worthier than you to be chased.
Love not your dream but the road leading to it and you might still fail but you shall definitely end up enjoying every moment of your life
One dream can change your destiny.
It may sound strange, but I get the inspiration for most of my Dreams while I'm sleeping.
Dreams don't come true, they are true.
What is your wildest dream?
Chasing your dreams with all your strength.
The hope of today is the dream of a brighter tomorrow.
New hope, new dreams.
Keep dreaming, you must never stop dreaming.
Passionately desired, graciously received.
Dream your dreams and go all out there to achieve it.
Do not allow the anxiety on how you will achieve your goals stop you from dreaming.
I have accepted the challenge of life, to be all that I can possibly be.
All my dreams will be fulfilled at the proper time.
Your dreams are expression of the scriptures.
Do not give your most cherish dreams.Dreams are scriptures.Dreams are possibilities.Dreams always come true.
Be passionate and enthusiastic about your dreams.Take a persistent action towards the fulfillment of your dreams.
Stay committed to your visions and dreams.
Keep the dreams of your youth very close to your heart.
Great things can be accomplished, if we passionately pursue our goals and dreams.
Keep dreaming.If you stop dreaming, you stop living.
Never underestimate the potential of your dreams.
Push to achieve your dreams. Don't let anyone push you out of dreamland.
A small dream leads to a big idea and endless opportunity.....!
Let's go for our dreams and be stronger than any obstacles.
Literacy is a right, not a privilege.
When You're Accustomed to Privilege, Equality Feels Like Oppression
Well, I'm not sure where this puts me, Sire. I mean, at least with the others I know what's expected. I don't have to tiptoe around their sympathies, only their egos--for a short time." I grimaced. "No one is feeling sorry for me, but me. No one is asking me to feel things that...I do not wish to feel for them.
Peter, you're not crazy," William said. "Nobody's really crazy. That's just a word. Isn't it, Torey? Just a word. And nobody's a word.
Courage is knowing that you're beaten and forging ahead anyway.
When asked what gave her the strength and commitment to refuse segregation, (Rosa) Parks credited her mother and grandfather "for giving me the spirit of freedom... that I should not feel because of my race or color, inferior to any person. That I should do my very best to be a respectable person, to respect myself, to expect respect from others.
Don't Just go to Office and do your Job. Look for Light that can Enlighten your Future.
We got up at 6am to go to school for a few years and we found it so challenging. Some people in our country have woken up at 6am every single morning for decades now so that this nation can wake up and see great mornings. I salute all those wonderful super humans who are inspiring a better tomorrow. Thank you, Teachers!
Creative problem solving is not necessarily tantamount to cheating.
Schooling will give you knowledge to make your living, but education is for living a life.
We are a sum total of what we have learned from all who have taught us, both great and small.
It's important to know that you're behind, to be able to convince yourself to make sacrifices that get you ahead.
Success means nothing if you don't know who you are. If you don't know who you are then you are not a success.
Dedication and enthusiams are the greatest rewards for learning
When he was a child, that man wanted to travel, too. But he decided first to buy his bakery and put some money aside. When he's an old man, he's going to spend a month in Africa. He never realized that people are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.
When I am old and addled I will make coronets like Cad, that have nothing to do with history, but represent the whimsy and cobwebs in my brain.
I was born at a very early age. As I grew up, I got older... So far though, this is the oldest I've ever been.
Ultimately, what really matters is not just the experiences you have at a young age, but whether or not you are equipped-by your parents, by your genetics, by your education-to survive and deal with them.
What shall I do to be for ever known,And make the age to come my own?
Anyone who doesn't want you to be happy with who you are is an asshole. Fuck pleasing everyone else. You only live once. Who are you gonna do it for?
I came to therapy thinking that my sexuality didn't matter, but it turned out that every part of my personality was intimately connected. Cutting one piece damaged the rest.
There is nothing mixed up about a woman who loves women, who wants to have sex with them, or who identifies as a lesbian. It is society that is mixed up because it punishes people for not conforming to its gender stereotypes.
We don't ask when people age out of singing, or eating ice cream; why would we stop making love?
Let us dance as if life is a dance of our soul and spirit.
With teamwork we are able to multiply our output and minimize individual input.
List down all your distractions, all your addictions, all your hang-ups, and all your toxic relationships. Then cut them out of your life so you can finally move forward.
It is not enought to be busy, so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
Someone or something that wastes your time, makes you lose a part of your life. One you can never get back.
Prior Planning Produces Positive Performance
Summer is the time for dreaming, and then you have to stop. But some people go on dreaming all their lives, and cannot change.
The only way to do great work is to just do it!
Life Rewards the DO-ers and WOW-makers!(TM)
English teachers, workshops, and myths try to make writers slow down. We are the ONLY ART on the planet that tells young artists to not practice and do less to get better. Head-shaking in its stupidity. And new writers buy into that.
Today my goal is to be more productive than I was yesterday, and tomorrow more productive than today.
Nothing in the universe is impermeable to the flow of love.
They ask - "How much money is too much money?"The answer always is - "A little more!
What would have been the fate of sages if there were no fools?
Even a baby step taken is in the right direction is PROGRESS
After the storm there will always be calm - once the winds of change have subsided
There is no need for me to worry, I've already been here somany times and each time I have made it throughalive
Progress, You can see how well you are doing on achieving your goals, after you start something.
Soaring is in stages, it progresses as you engage in the very art.
Most men can make moves, decisions, mistakes, plans, money, babies, love, war, progress, or even history. Not all men have what it takes to make a worthwhile difference in this world. Substance, drive, dedication, intelligence, faith and values; that comes from within. Its not what a MAN can make but what a MAN is made of that's impressive.
History is a set of repeating circles, like the tide. The wind does blow through the ruins of tomorrow. But it is more a question of two steps forward, one step back. Humans and dragons make the same mistakes, again and again, but things do get better over time
To progress isn't a little step, it's a pretty dramatic lifestyle change.
You Life is a progress, and not a station.
I'm not afraid of heights,I actually want to go higher.
Progress apart from purpose ends in arrogance.
Motivation is the essence of human progress.
In all, Nigeria belongs to us all and we have a personal responsibility to see that it succeeds
I'm starting with the man in the mirror
Overcoming abuse doesn't just happen, It takes positive steps everyday. Let today be the day you start to move forward.
You're a survivor because everyday you make a choice not to be governed by their harsh words or actions. No one has the right to take away your happiness.
I love you but I got to love me more.
Without love, our earth is a tomb
You certainly believe in the power of love. And throughout the series, you see how love shows itself in ways that mirror the best of who we are.
The return to love is hardly the end of life's adventure. It's the real beginning. A course in miracle says we think we have many different problems but we really only have one: denying love is the only problem and embracing it is the only answer.
She wanted to reach up to the night and dig her fingers into it, beg it to stay just a little bit longer.
You can, if you believe you can.
A friend won't always be there, at times you are on your own, but alone you still may find light.
I think online friends often know you the best.
We are all an unforgettable artwork and a story yet to be told.
Your best day can always become a great day. Your attitude solely depends on this.
You can talk about everything, your deepest struggles and your most terrific happiness, with a #supersoulfriend. Send your #SSF a hug today!
Friendship is earned by those who accepted each other for what they are and for what they have. Trust and respect flows in each other to make it lasting.
Flowers were blooming, withered soon.. Rains kept falling, wasn't forever.. Dogs were barking, just for sometime.. Sun, moon & stars were invisible at times, but they kept watching you.. Let them shine for you, before it's too late..
A nation can be mighty, when the citizens put away their political differences, work together for a common vision, a common goal and a common good.
Added pressure and responsibility should not change one's leadership style, it should merely expose that which already exists.
Many people read History books but it takes just a few people to LEAD the cause that will shape the course of HISTORY.
Sometimes the answer is in the question.
A Film has the potential to kindle such a spark of inspiration in an individual that it can alter the course of human progress.
Entertain, but also, give the viewer something to think about.
Healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction.
The intellectual scholars who keep saying 'this is wrong' and 'that is wrong', are neither scholars nor intellectuals. In reality, they are more ignorant than the layman.
Contentment is the greatest wealth.
Beauty lies in simplicity.
My past is ahead of me because I am beyond my past.
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
You should learn how say things with your eyes that others waste time putting into words,
Everything in its own time. If your time is not right now, your right now may be soon.
Style is art and fashion is everything. Personal expression should reflect the best of who you are and respected without being misunderstood.
A woman who's self confident doesn't need to compete with other females. She knows her worth and lives a purpose filled life.
Many have came before you and many will come after you, but none will ever be you. Some may even try to duplicate your characteristics, but they'll never succeed because you are unique.
If we have touched another's life with our action and through our words then we have lived.
We have nothing to speak about. There never was. Words are an unnecessary trouble. Expression is time wasting away. Any communication is just a yelp in the darkness. I am speaking now but I am saying nothing. I am just making noises, and, as it happens, they are organized in words and you should not draw meaning from this.
Close People Are That Closer, As They Can Share Everything With A Stranger But Not To The Really Closed Ones.
We must embrace the darkness as well as the light in order to truly understand life.
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty of half full. Just drink it while everyone is arguing about it and be thankful you had a glass with something in it!
Inside my head is a jigsaw made of trillions and trillions and trillions of atoms. It might take a while.
The only time it's hopeless is when you're dead! Long as you're alive, you can get better - you can make it better.
Beautiful things have been broken before.
Always remember, if you have been diagnosed with PTSD, it is not a sign of weakness; rather, it is proof of your strength, because you have survived!
If you have no job, help is needed.
We lose our soul, to find our life.
Its the actions one produces that will lead them toward the unknown.
Phil Needle stood in the parking lot, suddenly grasping that this was so, that nothing is lost in a world utterly mapped, that nothing is rogue with everything cross-pollinated, as the shouts on the beach lured him across the street to the sand.
You lost all interest in this world. You were disappointed and discouraged, and lost interest in everything. So you abandoned your physical body. You went to a world apart and you're living a different kind of life there. In a world that's inside you.
it's a lot easier to be lost than found.
The blessing hands of Christ are like a roof that protects us. But at the same time, they are a gesture of opening up, tearing the world open so that heaven my enter in, may become "present" within it.
Everything in life is a blessing, however, sometimes we have to work through a lesson or challenge to earn it.
May We Love Ourselves. May We Love Each Other.May We Believe that Our Dreams Can Come True.We Are Strong.We Are Wise.We Are the Heroines of our Own Lives -The Heroine's Club benediction
No...No...We don't walk away but when we're holding on to something precious we run. We run away. We run as fast as we can.
But for now, the future, like the past, means nothing. For now, there is only a homestead built of trash and scraps, at the edge of a broken city, just beyond a towering city dump; and our arrival-hungry, and half-frozen, to a place of food and water and walls that keep out the brutal winds. This, for us, is heaven.
People have motives, what they are, is what you need to notice.
If you always do what interests you,at least one person is pleased.
I don't complain about playing time. My job is to do so well the coach can't sit me.
By inspiring and healing others, you inspire and heal yourself.
There is no apology for passion
Perfection is an opinion not a fact.
When you focus on problems, you will have more problems. When you focus on having great opportunities, you will obtain great opportunities.
It takes a good leader, with integrity, to enhance a leader with passion.
In order to know the world from the outside, you must know yourself from the inside.
You deserve more in your life. Think big. Love more and share beyond your limits. You will then become limitless.
My body is a reflection of who I am.
Personal sophistication never goes out of style.
Gift yourself the opportunity to allow for your dreams to chase you down.
Discover what you love to do the most, and strengthen it.
You fail to see the endless sky when you have a tunnel vision
Mature Woman: Is a woman who has lived her life enough to understand what she wants, and she is confident in knowing who she is without question.
Be honest about who you are, and you will understand the reasons for the people you keep in your life.
Crafting something unique and logical requires trust and mutual collaboration.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will live forever in people's hearts.
There is no pain and there are no sorrows. They no longer have permission to live in my today or my tomorrow.
Make it a point to do something exciting. If not, your life will pass you by.
Happiness depends on each person. If you think you're happy, then you must be happy.
In order to be creative rules cannot exist. The creative mind deserves no less.
You are the sum of what you believe. Your capabilities are limitless when you allow yourself to be so.
The results you deserve depend on your will to make your success happen."-Steven Cuoco
Don't worry about what life may bring. Just live like we don't have another day.
It takes a strong individual to live passionately, and with having quality in their conviction, that sets the results one achieves.
The meaning of bravery is more than the act of being strong, it is also about letting go of what you cannot control and trusting the unknown.
The moment is not over when you have found the right fit in your style. Begin with knowing who you really are and apologize for nothing. There are no mistakes when it comes to personal expression.
The way you see yourself and others will significantly impact your ability to give your time, treasure or talents.
Moments are best when everyone can take a moment to remember to be grateful for their life and those who cherish theirs. It ought not to take a tragedy to awaken someone to truly value what he/she has and the people who have always been there to bring comfort every day.
When you remove yourself from what is no longer healthy for you, great things begin to surface.
What we see and believe about our self is what life will give back in return.
I live my life progressing for nothing else but the best.
Entrepreneur, don't just read history, write it so people can see the future in the present.
Entrepreneur, make today count and but don't let the day count you.
Yes, content is king but excellence is his queen. ~ Onyi Anyado.
You have to grab the goal, visualise your vision, excel in excellence and then become distinct in distinction.
When you walk in distinction, you don't compete with anyone but competition wants to compete with you.
No matter who you are,no matter what you did,no matter where you've come from,You can always change,become a better version of yourself.
What they saw was a hero baby. That's what you are. A survivor. A strong woman. Beautiful... Funny as hell... Sexy... Sweet...
The bad, icky and stinky things that happen sometimes should never be allowed to have an adverse effect over the good, lovely and beautiful things happening everyday.
Sometimes what makes us insecure and vulnerable becomes the fuel we need to be overachievers. The antidote for a snakebite is made from the poison, and the thing that made you go backward is the same force that will push you forward.
Never consider yourself smart when you don't know how to treat people correctly.
Taking care of yourself, taking time for yourself & rewarding yourself is NOT selfish. It's important & absolutely necessary!
Older doesn't always mean wiser. It just means that you've had more time to do the same things over and over again- right, wrong, and different.
Money - it can buy you a moment of glee but not a lifetime of happiness.
Don't go around saying,"Oh if only I did so and so then so and so would not have happened!Instead,be thankful it happened.
He who has a mind has thoughts and he who has thoughts has vision! Think vision. Produce vision!
Life equates to being fairly simple at times. Although we have the tendency and unbelievable ability to complicate things. So I suggest we go to the basics. Do unto others as you would have others do unto your children. Yes, your children. Because they are the ones that will be left behind to live their lives in the world that we have created.
Choosing to love, in spite of all its complexities, is the only freedom there is.
True wisdomis not borrowed knowledgeit must be basedon my own experience.That which I learn from othersis memory, not wisdom
Po: Maybe I should just quit and go back to making noodles.Oogway: Quit, don't quit? Noodles, don't noodles? You are too concerned about what was and what will be. There is a saying: yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present.
...it should be remembered that men always prize that most which is least enjoyed.
Your actions create an "energy vortex" that draws in the necessary ingredients for your venture.
For some reason when I type the word "love" in my iPad it keeps autocorrecting to "live". I find it oddly profound. My ipad IS. My iPad is ZEN: Only the iPad that autocorrects can write the true thing.
if only people stopped acting like they've been asked to donate a lung every time somebody asks for something the world would be a better place
Because this is what I believe - that second chances are stronger than secrets. You can let secrets go. But a second chance? You don't let that pass you by.
Every secret has a expiration date...
Being your authentic self is the ultimate secret to happiness in life.
The secret parts of this city never ceased to amaze me.
The man who can keep a secret may be wise, but he is not half as wise as the man with no secrets to keep
Your spiritual path isn't always just something you find, you started it the moment you took your first breath, and ever since you're been getting closer and closer to remembering who you truly are!
Where you've been or haven't been does not make you who you are." -Faolan
For too long, information, opportunities, and resources have been constraints, they need to be the bridges.
Everyday is the same day, except its reward and opportunities.
Life is always on the way back home, after its wilful adventures.
The day after the darkest hour is always the most beautiful.
When life gives you lemons, find a friend whose life has given them tequila and have a party.
Love is ease.
If I have learned anything over this last year it's that you have to live your own life too so that if something we hoped for doesn't work out, you still have two legs to stand on, you still have your own path.
Everything is possible. You once told me not too long ago we should always have hope and I do.
Funny how the most beautiful people in the world aren't always the types to gloss the covers of magazines and yet most people spend their lives trying to turn heads.
I just wish she knew that if there were two persons, who were imperfect and they knew it, and they weren't afraid to admit it - if those two persons cared enough about one another to lean upon one another, they'd be stronger together than they were separately - like a flying buttress and a cathedral wall.
Boggle with sex addicts is up there with go-kart racing with junkies.
When the world has once begun to use us ill, it afterwards continues the same treatment with less scruple or ceremony, as men do to a whore.
At Columbus Circle, a juggler wearing a trench cloak and top hat, who is usually at this location afternoons and who calls himself Stretch Man, performs in front of a small, uninterested crowd; though I smell prey, and he seems worthy of my wrath, I move on in search of a less dorky target. Though if he'd been a mime, odds are he'd already be dead.
Life is not something that can be taught, it's something that can only be experienced
Failure starts a future success, if you become better.
And a weak person will find it easier to take what someone else has earned rather than risk working hard and achieving something on his own.
And the biggest reward was reaping the kind of life I deserved.
Cherish every second you have. Hold the ones you love close to you. Sing, even when you don't know the words to the song. Smile when the sun shines on your face. Dance in the rain.
Our children want more than presents, that want our PRESENCE.
I know the well of my maternal incompetence is deep but I am determined to siphon up a calm and breathing hope for him.
The day you call someone "Mother" is the day your pain is hers to bear, you burden hers to carry.
What if happiness is a choice?
In the cookies of motherhood, you're the chocolate chips.
Each day we do the best we can, and then tomorrow we try again!
Every problem comes with a baggage of solutions.
Problems come few and far between in the life of a proactive person.
The hardest thing to do at times is to put our problems in the right perspective. Every problem may not exactly be a bad problem; some problems are solutions to bigger problems. Like solving a puzzle-it is advised we don't get used to guessing; if you don't have a clue, just ask for help and move up the next level.
Hang on to hope in any hardship.
To solve your problems, stop worrying.
When you think you have a big problem, step back. Envision yourself as a small dot on this blue marble we call Earth, that's orbiting the Sun at the centre of our Solar System, that also becomes a tiny dot our Milky Way galaxy, that is all but invisible in our vast Universe. How big is that problem really?
I wanted to thank you," I said.She wrinkled her nose and squinted like I'd said something funny. "Thank me for what?" she said."You give me strength I didn't know I had,"; I said. "You make me better.
The good thing about problems is that it seems like there's only one way to get into them, but there's usually lots of ways out.
Beautiful is who you are
I would take the solace of a forest over the hustle of London's streets any day. Just listen to the silence. My father always said that if the mind is too cluttered, you will never hear your soul's whispers. -Owen Locke, A Stranger at Fellsworth
Together they looked skyward. The moonbow was shattering--mere bits of color in the blackness, a sort of bridge between heaven and earth--reminding her that even on the darkest nights there was a glimmer of home, of promise, however hazy.
You're safe now.
Her face a mask of fury and determination.
But she'd learned instead to hope in the one Beacon that would always be there, no matter what darkness came her way.
I've seen enough cowboys in my life to know I don't want one for a husband."...Victoria"Every good man I know is a cowboy."...ColtPromises Kept
What's bosoms? Cade asked.You'll find out when you get older, Jake said."A lot older," Colt said.
Do you plan on marrying Charles?She shook her head.Good. I wouldn't want to shoot him, but I would."... Finding Promise
Sometimes silence is not an indicator of not caring, but a way to give time and space to the one who is hurting. Only judge when time passes and the void widens such that the chasm cannot be bridged.
It is absurd to hold that a man should be ashamed of an inability to defend himself with his limbs, but not ashamed of an inability to defend himself with speech and reason; for the use of rational speech is more distinctive of a human being than the use of his limbs.
Life has always been a matter of putting one's feet down carefully
This is the story of a man named Eddie and it starts at the end, with Eddie dying in the sun. It may seem strange to start a story with and ending, but all endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
There is a coherence in things, a stability; something... is immune from change and shines out... in the face of the flowing, the fleeting, the spectral, like a ruby. 
It saddens me beyond my tears that love is lost within the fears.
You have to set somebody free for them to return
He who is concerned only with the purity of his own life ruins the great human relations.
When the white man turns tyrant, it is his own freedom that he destroys.
The things that matter don't necessarily make sense.
Without a whole lot of pressure, a diamond is just a piece of coal.
Character is just an invention, but it's an invention that serves as both reason and justification for our behaviour. - Broken Verses
Sometimes changing the world is as simple as changing the way you look at it.
Without the quest, there can be no epiphany.
Some people remember the sixties better than others do. Some weren't even there, some who were there were not really there, and some who were not really there were "really there".
If nature has composed the human body so that in its proportions the seperate individual elements answer to the total form, then the Ancients seem to have had reason to decide that bringing their creations to full completion likewise required a correspondence bewteen the measure of individual elements and the appearance of the work as a whole.
Good apprentices know that they are in the process of becoming masters and that as responsible artisans they must seek to improve upon the knowledge entrusted to them and go further.
It's best to locate the mind first before launching the 'missiles of contention'.
When we merely follow another, we take a potentially creative mind out of service-our own. 
One recognizes one's course by discovering the paths that stray from it
Only by knowing yourself can you live honestly and find your own path.
So many things become beautiful when you really look
Then sense. Use your sense. Not all of us are born for greatness, but all of us have sense. Make use of it. Think. Think long and well.
It's in out-of-the-ordinary situations - especially situations of challenge or adversity - that the most important differences between people shine through.
we live best when we live for a cause greater than ourselves
At the heart of all of mankind's achievements is imagination.
I know that I know nothing
Yet if all reality is subjective, all certitude is impossible.
Live the way life does, love the way they does
The way we live, decides the meaning of life.And the way we die, tells how much meaningful we made it.
I think it's early. Early in our lives. Early in the night. Early in the new year. If you're counting, you'll notice the earlys outnumber the lates.
The gift within every gift is always opportunity.
Love is an operation theatre, where you find the scalpel and the stitches
No one ever reads a book. He reads himself through books, either to discover or to control himself.
Sometimes I don't feel as if I'm a person at all. I'm just a collection of other people's ideas.
We all see the world through the prism of our identity.
Be content with what you have;rejoice in the way things are.When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.
Sometimes, one needs another pair of eyes to see things clearly.
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here; and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.
You cannot create the life you need unless you pass through the death of the life you no longer want . it's just not possible. Deconstruction always comes before reconstruction.
We are, now, just as valuable, intelligent, and real as Eliot or any of his contemporaries. Our ideas and experiences are just as sound and true. Our passion to save our world from what we see it becoming is just as authentic. We are always the Lost Generation, but with different accoutrements.
Every day the world subtracts from itself and nothingis immune.
Love your body, love your sexuality, and realize that you are a bad human being only if you are unkind and cruel and do harm unto others and not because of your sex life.
This isn't lust. Lust wants, does the obvious, and pads back into the forest. Love is greedier. Love wants round-the-clock care; protection; rings, vows, joint accounts; scented candles on birthdays; life insurance. Babies. Love's a dictator.
Money Value of Time" is more valuable than "Time Value of Money", you will know it by time.
Hiding things is the most foolish thing that annihilates correlation.
Behind every wolf in sheep's clothing is a trail of dead sheep - rjs
Thinking is no more or no less than asking questions. To improve your thinking, improve the quality of the questions you ask.
A sheep that walks amongst wolves is called dinner - rjs
For the salvation of his soul the Muslim digs a well. It would be a fine thing if each of us were to leave behind a school, or a well, or something of the sort, so that life would not pass by and retreat into eternity without a trace.
Ability does catches my attention, but its a politeness in the person that I remember.
It only takes one person, one voice from somewhere beyond, to save a life.
Life is like a DVR recording. The story goes on, but you cannot see it until you fast forward through the commercials
There's 7 billion 46 million people on the planet and most of us have the audacity to think we matter.
Wandering is never waste, dear boy,' he said. 'While you wander you will find much to wonder about, and wonder is the first step to creation.
Sometimes, the best thing you can do is nothing. Catelyn
Deep in my heart politeness impresses me more than competence.
As colors are formed by the combination of Red, Green and Blue : Similarly is life which is a combination of Love, Faith and Peace..
The trouble with life is that we lead it forwards and understand it backwards.
Even the highest branches cannot deny that they have roots in a common bond.
There's only one thing you can do: Toss your pebble in the river, watch it ripple, and know you have moved the ocean.
Knowing you don't have much time left changes things. You get kind of philosophical. And you figure things out-more like, they figure themselves out-and everything gets real clear.
Each man must for himself alone decide what is right and what is wrong, which course is patriotic and which isn't. You cannot shirk this and be a man. To decide against your conviction is to be an unqualified and excusable traitor, both to yourself and to your country, let men label you as they may.
We are all only men, defined by our choices.
Perhaps it is a good thing that we don't live long enough to realize how redundant things seem :)
Learn to recognize omens, and follow them
You know what turns dirt into diamonds?""Pressure. Weight. Heat...""The geological equivalent of torture.
Every major technological innovation propels humanity forward to the point of no return.
Information is power. Disinformation is abuse of power.
There are no endings, only beginnings that have been reborn.
Follow your star, it's never too late, even if it doesn't quite happen as you expect.
Talent helps, but it won't take you as far as ambition.
Don't wish it was easier, wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems, wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenges, wish for more wisdom. The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become. Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well try what you do want.
For he, who has never sailed through storms, can never trust sailors of such ships.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground
Ambition is enthusiasm with a purpose.
Spending time with people without ambition is a self-destruction.
You may delay your ambition, but never forget your ambition.
...you cannot value dreams according to the odds of their coming true. The real value is in stirring within us the will to aspire.
If you are not working towards something, your life will end with nothing.
Without drive you will never get anywhere in life.
If a man wants his dreams to come true he must wake up.
It's just that it's impossible to be a broken or whole person. You can only be a person. You can only exist, you can only belong to yourself, and you can only be responsible for your own happiness or belonging or whatever. That broken-part-piece-whole thing is just a trick of the mortal mind.
Who could be like him? Who could ever be like you? Each of us has his path. They run close together sometimes-for life, if we are fortunate-but they never cross.
And I seemed to see myself ageing as swiftly as a day-fly. But the idea of ageing was not exactly the one which offered itself to me. And what I saw was more like a crumbling, a frenzied collapsing of all that had always protected me from all I was always condemned to be.
The kinds of people we meet in our life have a huge impact on the kind of person we become.
I, Lexi Anderson, am proud to say that I do, indeed, have a great personality.And it's only a matter of time before the Beautiful People will be wishing they had great personalities, too.Good luck with that, oh Beautiful Ones.Because we Great Girls are the rarest breed.
The clothes or accessories you do or don't wear are a statement, a reflection of yourself; that is why you should always try to wear 'who you are' not anyone else.
She was looking into my eyes with that way she had of looking that made you wonder whether she really saw out of her own eyes. They would look on and on after every one else's eyes in the world would have stopped looking. She looked as though there were nothing on earth she would not look at like that, and really she was afraid of so many things.
It was my kingdom. And when enemies attack your kingdom, you don't flee. You show them why it's your kingdom.
The key to seeing the world's soul, and in the process wakening our own, is to get over the confusion by which we think that fact is real and imagination is illusion.
Most paths of self-correction purposely increase the effort and struggle to achieve these states or vibrations. They insist that you must 'earn it' or 'handle it' or 'surrender to it' or 'get it' when the truth is you already have immediate access to all of it.
Letting go of your desires will allow them to come to you much quicker
When you walk about what you want and why you want it, there's usually less resistance within you than when you talk about what you want and how you're going to get it. When you pose questions you don't have answered for, like how, where, when, who, it sets up a contradictory vibration that slows everything down.
What I truly believe, I will achieve.
I hope you take the courage to pursue your dreams. I wish that you will have the determination to start the best day of your life everyday.
Today, no matter where I'm going and no matter what I am doing, it is my dominant intent to see that which I am wanting to see.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
I realized I was officially a professional writer when all my plans began with "drink coffee" and ended with "take a nap.
I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you,and that you will work with these stories from your life--not someone else's life--water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom. That is the work. The only work.
If you lack confidence in setting one word after another and sense that you are stuck in a place from which you will never be set free, if you feel sure that you will never make it and were not cut out to do this, if your prose seems stillborn and you completely lack confidence, you must be a writer.
Dreams are there for those who dare to dream them.
Only a writer holds conversations between people that don't exist. We don't talk to ourselves. We talk to people we created from nothing.#FromTheInternet #AuthorUnknown
Imagination, curiosity, passion, creativity these are the words that move me!
Don't worry about the consequences, just be a writer!
All it takes is one word, one action, one voice. Believe in yourself, and you can accomplish anything!
Never underestimate the power of the written word, especially when you put them down in your own voice." -Cheryl L. Ilov, Forever Fit and Flexible: Feeling Fabulous at Fifty and Beyond.
Yes, writing is that easy. Yes, writing is that hard. But if you want to do it you can. Only you can stop you.
May the words come easy, the doubt be weak, and the coffee strong enough to eat through steel. (I don't drink coffee...but I understand most authors do, and they like it with a bit of fight in it.) Now, let us boot up, sit down, and accrue those daily page counts!
Always write as if you will never have the blessed chance to write again, so this has to be the best thing you've ever done. Do that, and it will be.
Live a life worth reading about. Then write it.
You always had the power, my dear. You just had to learn it for yourself. Glinda the Good Witch
Live to write. Write to inspire. Inspire to write.
Writers, by nature, are going to be slightly more delusional than others because we're dreamers, we imagine the unlikely, that's how we create... Rather than hoping my delusion becomes a reality, I'd prefer to keep on being deluded, to dream bigger and to imagine greater. My greater worry would be becoming less delusional .
I don't believe in writers' block. Do doctors have 'doctors block?' Do plumbers have 'plumbers' block?" No. We all have days when we don't feel like working, but why do writers turn that into something so damn special by giving it a faintly romantic name.
Write to evolve and you'll evolve to write.
Ignore people who say you can't do it, even if this person is yourself.
Live first, write second.
The beauty of writing is imagining new endings to a time of darkness, like burning off a morning fog with the heat and clarity of the sun.
Only when one is connected to one's inner core is one connected to others. And, for me, the core, the inner spring, can best be re-found through solitude.
Be an unstoppable force. Write with an imaginary machete strapped to your thigh. This is not wishy-washy, polite, drinking-tea-with-your-pinkie-sticking-out stuff. It's who you want to be, your most powerful self. Write your books. Finish them, then make them better. Find the way. No one will make this dream come true for you but you.
Because. Everything worth anything takes time.
You are more ready and able to grasp at opportunity when your hands are empty.
Lost in New York City. Not that I don't know where I am, but rather perplexed as to where I am going.
I am the sum of my past experience.Some people have got a lot to answer for.
Drafting is like painting the Golden Gate Bridge.The closer you get to the end, the more you start to worry about the beginning.
On the way home, I saw a fist fight between an adverb and a pair of parentheses.I kept on walking.
To write freely is to walk a joyous, terrifying, exhilarating path naked through the world of the fully clothed.
Every author, however modest, keeps a most outrageous vanity chained like a madman in the padded cell of his breast.
Its never late has long your going on
The world is round, so there is no corner for anyone to lean against
He who is afraid to lose, is not ready to win
they don't serve champagne at pity parties
Because knowledge does not need an academic greenhouse. It can bloom, anywhere.
Procrastination is the enemy of action!
Regret nothing. Everything broken can be remade. And everything remade can once again be broken
When you think of quitting, remember why you started!
Passion without knowledge and the desire to learn is foolishness
Making something is HardMaking something you don't even CARE ABOUT isEVEN HARDER .
The day you wake up thinking the world is yours is the day you start living.
This is what entrepreneurship is all about. You start off operating from a garage. And, end up, operating from a car.
Cut the crap! I don't care how many hours you work, I care how much work you do in those hours.
It's called entrepreneurSHIP, not entrepreneurSTAY. Don't wait. Just ship.
When you walk in silence your excellence will always speak for you.
Entrepreneur, your either raising the bar of excellence or your exhaling at the bar which is expensive.
You will never see an eagle of distinction flying low with pigeons of mediocrity.
People say i need a Doctor!I say i am a Doctor!!
If you make the opportunity. you'll be the first in the position to take advantage of it.
There's no such thing as a superhero, but together we can world in a new direction.
Screw it. Let's do it.
I personally feel that I could not go out and plant the million trees, but I could go out and tell people to tell 10 people each, 'Okay, all of us are going to go out and plant 10 trees,' and you, eventually, plant a million trees.
Willingness to learn is important, willingness to act on what you learn is critical.
My heart is set on my dreams, I persevere and I make a difference
Our thoughts and our mind-sets greatly affect our perception of what life is really about
I am not the best because I said it, I am the best because I live it
A time comes in the life of a man when all you do is reflect on retrospective actions and desire better outcomes in the future
I subscribe to the thought that it doesn't matter if it's right or wrong. What matters is what works.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
Sometimes we just have to suck it up and do what we have to do, until we are able to do what we want to do.
We all cannot do everything or solve every issue. "It's impossible", however, if we each simply do our part. Make our own contribution, regardless of how small we may think it is.... together it adds up and great things get accomplished.
Success needs you to give yourself goals to aim for.
No dream, no journey planed, no goals to dream for and achieve
People tend to spend so much time focusing on what they feel they can't do, rather examining the true potential of what they can.
Allow your past achievements to provide fuel for your current goals.
I fell in love with you in a hurry, like you were going somewhere fast - which you did. You came and went like an earthquake, like some sort of eclipse. I've spent hours, days, months, years missing you. But then something strange happened, and now I can't remember why I ever loved you at all. You didn't deserve it. I should have loved me more.
My Wife, I get to keep you forever. ~Lucian Bane~
Life does not end when a relationship ends, just like life doesn't start when a relationship starts.
The Law-of-Destination is straightforward and simple: It is not possible to arrive where we never take the time to go.
Learning how to recognize and act on your Inner Knowing is the greatest tool for discovering what's important now by living in the present.
You've always marched to beat of your own drum, and I know you do things in your own time and your own way.
I want to be special to someone again. To know I'm cared for, and not out of obligation.
His life had made a complete three sixty, in one year. He had a family that he adored, a wife that he would die for and a whole new outlook on life.
The little broken doll was no more.
I think sometimes people think cheerful is a synonym for dumb, so no one is ever cheerful.
The truth is, that MOST of the time MOST of us take the road MOST traveled, the path of least resistance and MOST comfortable.
Adversity will always show up but it doesn't always have to come up.
Mountains are like Challenges... I climb upon them and then face them ..
Every opportunity has challenges when you overcome it turns to rewards.
You are stronger than your challenges and your challenges are making you stronger.
It's only when we understand that who we become during, and after hard times is more important than the challenges, that we embrace messes are channels of important messages meant to upgrade our lives.
Challenges bring opportunity for growth.
Rise flexibly, courageously and perseveringly upon the challenges and trials in our life. Beneath the depth of fresh wounds, heavy cross and years of scars, is our wise silent mind, a beating faithful heart with understanding and patience matched with a humble soul who walks with hope towards charity, kindness, peace and harmony.
Remember, today's challenges are tomorrow's testimonies.
Your life oppositions will position or disposition you in the best or worst way depending how you position or disposition your oppositions.
It is when I struggle that I strengthen. It is when challenged to my core that I learn the depth of who I am.
When you cross a challenge that is expansive and deep, you may not even realize when you've come to the other side. That day will come. And when it does, how will you look at your crossing?
Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
Engaging in activities devoid of difficulty, lounging in risk-free zones, is life without great meaning.
Life wasn't about doubt, because if it was, we'd never get anything done.
To doubt is to deny the divinity of being.
You know,' he said, the condition of sourness--or monstrousness, as you might call it--doesn't have to be permanent.'P189
Al he knew was that he'd never met anyone who caused him to doubt and to hope as much as she did.
You may doubt others but you can be sure to yourself.
You know, without a doubt, that surrender is the only option to fulfill whatever you are attempting.
If it took me showing some warmth to get warmth in return, I'd do it.
You'll never be as good as the next page you write, or as bad as the last one.
Don't you ever get scared? I ask.Of what? She says.Of not being good enough.You mean at writing? L'il asks.I nod. What if I'm the only one who thinks I can do it and no one else does? What if I'm fooling myself-Oh, Carrie. She smiles. Don't you know that every writer feels that way? Fear is part of the job.
I might have changed, but that did not mean the sport had.
Our greatest currency is our time and we cannot save it. Spend it wisely and never waste another's or your own.
Until you begin to write, then you shall know the wonders of the written word.
You have one chance to write the story of your life. Make it a bestseller.
For a poet, it will be terrible if there are no women. He will not have anything to write about.
...open the access to your heart and write down what your voice is whispering...
I want constructive energy generated by every brushstroke and between every line.
The very persons who have taken away my time and space are those who have given me something to say.
Life, is energy. It is the energy that makes your heart beat and makes you breathe, that causes the cells of your body to automatically grow and reproduce the moment you are conceived!
If you can learn to motivate yourself, you can always tap into an abundance of energy that will drive you to the success you dream of.
It's not just about losing the weight, it's about losing the lifestyle and mindset that got you there. -Steve Maraboli
Layout your options, create a beautiful masterpiece of yours.
William's book will inspire you to open up your intuition and create some magic in your life.
We are partners in our own deception. The lies we tell ourselves. The life we have settled for, when we yearn for the life we wish for. We become our own worst enemy as we yearn for the things we don't have and discredit the gifts we have.
Transformation is an ongoing process that tends to appear ordinary, when, in fact, something extraordinary is taking place.
Whoever changes one life, changes the whole world.
The greatest problem of human life is fear. It is fear that robs us ofhappiness. It is fear that causes us to settle for far less than we arecapable of. It is fear that is the root cause of negative emotions,unhappiness and problems in human relationships.
You'll always get out of life what you put in-and you control what youput in.
You perform as well as you believe yourself capable of performing. You are as effective as you believe yourself to be in whatever you do. You can never be better or different on the outside than you believe yourself to be on the inside.
Whatever you believe, with feeling,becomes your reality.
Some believe they can, Some believe that they cannot.  Both are clearly right
You path is only as limited as your imagination will allow.
Don't ever let anyone bring you down, define who you are or destroy your AWESOMENESS.
Stay HIGH on AWESOMENESS so reality cannot destroy you!
One person's success is another's first step, only you can rate your achievements and find peace within yourself.
Chill The Fuck Out (CTFO)
Only Live Like You (OLLY)
Heartstorming takes you much further than your brainstorm can conceive.
Fate seems to be taking me in some even stranger directions.
Inspiration should always be free.
You can wake up every day looking forward to new adventures with hope smiling brightly before you because you have a Savior. You are baptized in His Church.... You just need to stay in, pressing forward with a brightness of hope to your heavenly home.
Do not make your mind a dumping ground for other people's garbage.
Christlike attributes come into our lives as we exercise our agenncy righteously.
Prayers said by good people are always good prayers
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things. Hope is one of those things that you can't buy, but that will be freely given to you if you ask. Hope is the one thing people cannot live without. Hope is a thing of beauty.
...I know I was wrong. If i could go back and do it over, I would. I wish I could undo it all."I know that." Grandma reached over and put a twisted hand on hers. "'Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow.' Isaiah one eighteen."I've done terrible things."Don't make no difference. You can't out-sin the cross.
His laws once broken, His justice and the very nature of those laws bring the immutable retribution; but if we turn penitently to Him, He enables us to bear our punishment with a meek and docile heart, 'for His mercy endureth forever.
Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.
Times of sadness are the very moment to laugh and laugh greatly.
Most prayers are not really questions...and if we listen very closely, a prayer is often its own answer. ...We pray because we are here - not to change the world, but to change ourselves. Because it is when we change ourselves...that the world is changed.
Teach me to treat all that comes to me with peace of soul and with firm conviction that Your will governs all.
Don't call me a saint. I don't want to be dismissed so easily. 
The wise man will follow a star, low and large and fierce in the heavens, but the nearer he comes to it the smaller and smaller it will grow,till he finds it the humble lantern over some little inn or stable. Not till we know the high things shall we know how lowly they are.
If I had but two loaves of bread, I would sell one and buy hyacinths, for they would feed my soul.
It is my strong conviction that a realist conception of human nature should be made a servant of an ethic of progressive justice and should not be made into a bastion of conservatism, particularly a conservatism which defends unjust privileges.
Focusing on worldly achievements and acceptance has never been the way to true happiness, and an obsessive, discontent with our physical appearance can lead to unhappiness if not despair.
A simpler form of the same objection consists in saying that death ought not to be final, that there ought to be a second chance. I believe that if a million chances were likely to do good, they would be given.
We must truly listen to each other, respecting our essential brotherhood and the courage of those who try to speak, however they may differ from us in professional standing or religious belief or moral vision. We must speak and listen patiently, with good humor, with real expectation, and our dialogue can serve both truth and charity.
One of the happiest days of my life was when I quit waiting for "happily-ever-after" to come find me and proclaimed joy in the just now season of life. And the next season. And the next.
He caught me up on wings of light, and showed me the realms of his creation, the glittering gemstones paving his heaven. He left my body weak and spent, my spirit gorged with honey.
Riley had no doubt that an "immediate and merciful act of the Almighty" had saved them from the surf at Bojador. According to him, all of his men believed this too. Later, when a friend advised him to play down this conviction, because skeptics would use it to discredit the rest of his account of the voyage, Riley refused.
The tests and exams were not so difficult to pass but we fail a 'yes' or 'no' answer when it comes to dealing with sin
Why not live for the reaches of Heaven than strive for the depths of Hell? If in the end there is nothing- what have you lost but fear and anger and hate?
I have no ambition to change my nature, I merely intend to conquer my dislikes.
Earthly things will pass away. They will pass away and what will be left is my Savior.
Your Heart, Your Mind, Your Creator! Your Soul Will Follow.
Sticking a straw up your butt won't get rid of the constipation.
Sheer human decency and civility are two of the most important contributions to our community life that women of courage can make.
For one man to gain another must lose
Wide is the gate and broad is the path that leads to destruction and many go that way
Those who don't return become a part of the clouds, a part of the animals that hide in the ravines and of the water that comes from the earth. They become a part of everything... they become the Soul of the World.
They said, "Will You place upon it one who causes corruption therein and sheds blood, while we declare Your praise and sanctify You?
I'll never be a non-stumbler. I'll be a forgiven stumbler, but never a non-stumbler.
Our prayers can go where we cannot...there are no borders, no prison walls, no doors that are closed to us when we pray.
Supernatural is a dangerous and difficult word in any of its senses, looser or stricter. But to fairies it can hardly be applied, unless super is taken merely as a superlative prefix. For it is man who is, in contrast to fairies, supernatural; whereas they are natural, far more natural than he. Such is their doom.
Man is broken down in many places because of bitterness.
Wild animals bite the hand that feeds them. Clever people consume the entire body.
The hardest thing on earth is to know the ways of men and still manage to be in good spirits.
And, above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you very much at your own reckoning.
Most inherent beauties are hidden, as are precious stones in the rocks
You don't have to spend a lot of money to feel like a million. A good night's sleep, a quiet walk by the river or a hug from a favorite person will do the trick.
Just as like finds like, love finds love. Embrace it. Be open and giving. Accept love with kindness, grace, and spirit.
Using someone else's ruler to measure your self-worth will always leave you short.
Knowing your inner voice and how you will confront it, is like talking to yourself in front of the mirror and appreciate it.
People will kill you over time. And how they'll kill you is with tiny, harmless phrases like 'be realistic'.
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
We cannot let the haters of this world define us. Or frighten us into no longer being ourselves.
If you fast, the fat in your body will waste away.
Smoking is neither an art nor a sport. Better to liberate yourself before the body retaliates, for its vengeance would be a furious blow enthused out of all the bygone years' mercy you thanklessly thought you were entitled to.
My BODY isn't flawed, your thinking is. #UniquelyMe
It was harder for the ones who were waiting, Annemarie knew. Less danger, perhaps, but more fear.
Join us B+ people! Life is not neat and tidy, but we always manage to get the job done!
Writing isn't a choice. It's a calling. So answer the damn phone already!
I'm overweight, despise change, and rarely, if ever, initiate anything. Unlike my friends, I've had no drama in my life which might qualify as box office material. If a little more drama came my way, however, I would probably need to purchase some courage in order to withstand it. Oh well, if a bit of change equals a bit of drama, I'm willing to risk it.
Professional is an apt definition for me, professional slouch, that is. I can be very professional at seeming to do work, but the real work is trying to do as little as possible, without getting caught by Trip or any nosey busybodies.
When first human found life was a virgin then people made it a bitch
All art requires is courage and the commitment to eat lots of biscuits. D Ellis / 2016
Life is not for understanding or to known rather it is for living & only for living
They tell you the devil is in the details.what they don't tell you is that he's laughing maniacally.
The greatest trick you can teach an old dog is how to learn new tricks.
There are stranger things out there than flying pigs.
Better days are coming! They're called Saturday and Sunday.
When it's all said and done remember, "You are only as old as you look.
I'm Julia Malone and nobody has the patent on me!
Wisdom of the Ages: "True Nobility" Comes not from thinking one is better than others-it comes from working toward the betterment of all.
Wisdom of the Ages: "Friendship" The only ship that can weather any storm.
The problem with the world is that no one knows how to shit anymore!
It's easy to have high morals when you'd be safe naked in the middle of San Quentin Prison.
Marriage is the equivalent of trying to live with a bug perpetually up your nose.D'Artagnan Bloodhawke
Why do I write? Because I like telling stories and I don't like repeating myself (insert chuckle here).
If life takes you long way, take a shortcut!
If you constantly make it clear that you are unwilling to budge, don't get upset when no one is around who's willing to give you a push.
The finger in the jar atop the entertainment center served as a reminder: death was far kinder than the fate Juanita could have suffered at the hands of that other man.
...hero or not, he wanted to hold her forever and not let go.
It's easier to spew hatred, but actually watching yourself doing it is a whole different story.
Time can be cruel if you don't use it wisely ~ Imani Wisdom, Zion's Road: A Love Story about Faith and Redemption.
I joined the army to avenge the deaths of my family and to survive, but I've come to learn that if I am going to take revenge, in that process I will kill another person whose family will want revenge; then revenge and revenge and revenge will never come to an end...
Is this what she would have wanted, Hawke?" Ronan asked quietly. "Justice at the cost of an innocent man and his child?
Keep your friends close, and your bunny friends closer.
Sometimes the righteous path doesn't take you where you need to go!
Simply put, the best revenge is to live an awesome life.
Utu--Maori revenge. 'Do everything well, boy. Do it better than them. Be a better rugby player, better at your job. Outshine them everywhere. Tramp on their pride. Go far, and leave them sniveling in your dust.
We need to forgive ourselves and everyone else for NOT being perfect.
People will promise you the moon, offer you the stars, but in the end, the only heavenly body you can truly count on is your on!
Everyone creates what he fears.
You can't live when you're afraid of daying.
A pilot who signs up to fly through the eye of a storm doesn't complain of the turbulence.
Anything could happen while the dead slept. Which was why some would say a woman shouldn't tread alone through a cemetery at 2:55 on a Tuesday morning in April.
Alice Wilde was absolutely stunning in the firelight. Her natural look, her toned arms and body fit perfectly in this wilderness on a crazy river. And her heart-she had the heart of a wild mare who would endure until the end even if it killed her. Who, without even trying, dared Griffin to catch her if he could.
Yeah, seeing her unsettled him, but it was her words that nearly took him apart. Because sometime after his heart started beating again, after he'd grabbed ahold of his emotions, she'd become the woman that, once upon a time, he'd fallen in love with.
But a guy didn't have to be a charmer with the right girl. No, the right girl made him say the right things, feel like he could stand on top of the world. The right girl laughed at his jokes and met his eyes with a smile that said he could do no wrong.
I want to know why you love me.Because I don't make sense without you. You're part of me.
He [Abram] believes that the PRESENT is the only real thing and everything else is an illusiona distraction
The objects of the present life fill the human eye with a false magnification because of their immediacy.
Make the best of what you have today.Today is the day.The best is here: now, it is always be at the present moment.
Today is a new canvas, paint it with all your favorite colors.
Never job backwards. What might have been was a waste of time.
It was only when I rounded a bend and glimpsed the white peaks ahead that I doubled my abilities, only when I thought how far i had yet to go that i lost faith that I would get there
What possible good does it do to resent any moment for unfolding as it does, to wish it didn't happen? Does it change the moment in any positive way? No it does not.
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
A simple token carries the significance of a diamond
He who least needs tomorrow, will most gladly greet tomorrow.
The present is what is happening when you strip away all the resentments of your past and all the worries you have about your future.
When you do what's important now for you, you create a past that leaves you ready to handle the present. By default, the future is taking care of itself as you make decisions that are acceptable to you no matter what happens tomorrow.
When you are living in the present, you know what's important now for you and you act on that knowing.
Ability to find the answers is more important than ability to know the answers.
Curiosity is the driving force that propels humanity forward.
Be curious! Curiosity is the mother of all knowledge.
A leader is firm enough to be responsive to changes.
I believe that everyone is a hero, a leader, a volunteer, a teacher and a champion of change. All we need to do is acknowledge and understand this and then help others to also understand the same. That's all it takes to be a hero, a leader, a volunteer, a teacher and a champion of change.
A leader is heard, a great leader is listened too.
Every day you face two important decisions: what effect you want your speech and actions to have on the world around you, and what impressions and vibrations you want to be receptive to.
In life, you have to take lots of decisions and if you don't take decisions you would never do anything because you would spend all your time choosing between things you could do.
Here's the reality of life,' he said. ' You make decisions with imperfect information and achieve imperfect results. The alternative is to never make a decision and never achieve results.
No delays in expressing decisions. Whether its a Yes or No... Right or Wrong... Just tell that for heaven sake.
Out of the decisions that we make in life, our Self emerges. What we choose in life is not the thing chosen out there, but oneself.
At any given moment you have power to decide how your story is going to end
The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.
Important decisions are better made after a good nights sleep
A decision clouded with doubt is never a good decision
In the matters of your life don't take orders, take decisions.
If you are ever in doubt about which way you should travel, make a choice that contains the essence of goodness and love and then go in that direction. This way, you can have absolute faith that you made the right decision.
Life is what you make of it.You have to decide what you want in life.
Your life today is the result of a series of decisions you made that have caused you to arrive where you are.
Everyone is entitled to making bad decisions from time to time, but the true test is in how you handle things after those decisions have been made.
Now, he realized, he simply had to take what he wanted. He had to control the winds, not the other way around (p. 434).
So what are you going to do? Let your future be shaped by the injustices and cruelties of the past, or do you shape your own future? Do you walk down those mean streets without becoming mean yourself, or do you lie down and whimper? Victim of everyone, or the hero of your own story - those are your only choices.
Many people fail in their career, business and relationship, and others get stuck because of their inability to make quality decisions.
I write not because I want to but because I am destined to.
It's one of those times when the question is its own answer.. The writing is itself the solution to the inability to write!
When entering a library, I never forget to bow down!
Never underestimate the power of the written word, especially when you put them down in your own voice.
Give the reader what they want, just not the way they expect it.
Writing's in the nouns.
To write is to transform that inward gaze into words, to study the worlds into which we pass when we retire into ourselves, and to do so with patience, obstinacy, and joy.
The only thing you really need to be a writer is time. Regular, consistent time, quality time when you're not tired. I write on the bus to and from work, that's my time, 1 or 2 hours every single day. Make the time, keep at it, and you'll be a real writer before you know it.
At it's best,the sensation of writing is that of any unmerited grace. It is handed to you, but only if you look for it. You search, you break your heart, your back, your brain, and then - and only then - it is handed to you. From the corner of your eye you see motion. Something is moving through the air and headed your way.
An opportunity lost may have motivated us to find a satisfying alternative. Adversity or suffering may have taught us certain important skills. Some writers have felt new appreciation for their lives after surviving a serious illness or disability. A fortunate outcome does not invalidate the unfortunate aspect.
People wonder why you choose certain subjects to write about. The truth is: you don't really. They choose you
The writer's life requires courage, patience, empathy, openness. It requires the ability to be alone with oneself. Gentle with oneself. To be disciplined, and at the same time, take risks.
When I sleep tonight I dream of what I will imagine tomorrow.
seeing with the eyes of another, listening with the ears of another, and feeling with the heart of another.
Dream!Forge yourself and riseOut of your mind and into others.Men, be women.Fish, be flies.Girls, take beards.Sons, be your mothers.The future of the world now liesIn coral wombs behind our eyes.
To erase the possibility of empathy is to erase the possibility of understanding.To erase the possibility of empathy is also to erase the possibility of art. Theater, fiction, horror stories, love stories. This is what art does. Good or bad, it imagines the insides, the heart of the other, whether that heart is full of light or trapped in darkness.
I tell my girls when you have done everything humanly possible, when you have fought with everything in you for something you truly believe in and it is still out of reach, it's time to become a feather. Let the wind guide you for awhile....
She thinks of the way angels arrive, when you lease expect them, when the road is dark, when you're bleeding and alone and hopeless, when you're sleeping in a basement, convinced that no one knows you're there.
Expect the Unexpected
Redemption is won in the light, but is wrought in the darkness.
Sweet girl, if I told you everything, life would lose all mystery.
I met a boy. And when he smiled, my life began.
There are no coincidences, only synchronicities: mini miracles placed before us by the Angels with love to inspire the mind and expand the heart.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
Eternity hums with every beating heart, with every up-lifted voice, with the crash of waves, the whirl of wind across the shifting dunes, the cry of sea birds, and the trumpets of heavenly angels.
You'll have more visions and thoughts to prepare you. Your heart's desire shows you the future. We put Angels in the sky to show you that we are in your life, and you are on path.
Let her have today.Leave tomorrow to the angels.
Angels walk among us, Sometimes the only thing we may not see are the wings upon their backs.
Conscious humility is the decision to live from our hearts.
It may be difficult, but there will be times we need to pick up our brooms and do some spiritual house cleaning. It is through this process that we find our true relationships, our true heart, our core integrity, and our life's purpose.
TRUTH serves a great purpose for all that want to see. It will help uncover your life's mission in order to reveal what your soul wants you to be.
Conscious positive wording assists us in maintaining our joy and a positive outlook on life. It allows us to make the choice to be consciously joyful and consciously grateful for all life experiences.
Have peace in knowing, dear ones, that we are all composed of energy. Energy never dies. It is always changing and transforming.
Life is a fairy tale. Live it with wonder and amazement.
It's these little things, they can pull you underLive your life filled with joy and wonderI always knew this altogether thunderWas lost in our little lives
The land of wonder is full of lights.
Sometimes it's good to start over
Knee-deep in the cosmic overwhelm, I'm strickenby the ricochet wonder of it all: the plaineverythingness of everything, in cahootswith the everythingness of everything else.- From Diffraction (for Carl Sagan)
Truth is so rare. I wonder why it is and where you are?
Wonders happen either way. With you or without you.
Forrest Gander: "Maybe the best we can do is try to leave ourselves unprotected. To keep brushing off habits, how we see things and what we expect, as they crust around us. Brushing the green flies of the usual off the tablecloth. To pay attention.
We need to act and embrace uncertainty as a pool of opportunity.
Like most other events that change the world, it didn't seem interesting to anyone except the people willing to do the work.
A poor attitude does not do the body any favours. Smile and the world will smile back at you.
We interrogate the world by making.
For every tree, we plant, we saves a life.
We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
She was drowning-in friendliness, in community-and she was starting to think she didn't want to get pulled out.
I ponder the rhythms of letting go and embracing whatever is around the corner, trusting that the empty spaces will be filled. And knowing that sometimes community can happen only in the gaps where mystery resides.
Birth is not a beginning; it's a continuation. That lends tremendous comfort because we then understand that, equally true, death is not an end; it's merely a continuation.
Die in a good way, obviously.
If you are not dead, then there is hope. get up and go conquer the world.
He was dead.No trace of pain, no sufferings, no victimization.
There came a moment in this journey when I freely realized that the lives most of lead are small. Important, but small. Our radius reaches family, clients, friends for whom we do selfless and amazing feats. But our sphere of influence is local.... So our illnesses/deaths are small, too. Not unimportant. Just local in nature... - 209
[S]ometimes, a fight you cannot win is still worth fighting.
If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?
The notion of there being something greater than humanity can strike fear in the bravest of soldiers and cradle courage in the palm of a child's hand.
Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter.
It's necessary that everyone does his duty and works in his place - devotes himself to constructing a body of fundamental values - against the common enemy - in a network of active, supple, inderdependent, and confederated resistance - present on every front, at the level of Europe - with the aim of concentrating all the energies of the combatants.
The best way to compete is to get defeat.
Everyone wants to feel loved, but when all you feel is alone it's tough to accomplish anything else.
The entirety of his life to this point had merely been to prepare him for what he was to do next: bring hope to the hopeless and joy to the joyless. He would serve mankind by reminding them every year that a King had been born who had died for thier sins.
If you can't find the spirit of the holidays in your heart, you'll never find it under a tree.
You shouldn't just give during Christmas and Thanksgiving you should be giving all the time.
Imperfection makes perfect
Your first step towards perfection is acknowledging your imperfections.
Practice creates more connections among the neurons, which push you a little further towards perfection.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Love is never perfect, big brother. It's what you make of the imperfections in it that makes the ride worthwhile.
Perfection of this human life happens when we take the responsibility to be and act as authentic Leaders in every life situation.
I am not perfect,my roots are not watered with perfection.
The only skill that cannot be perfected is perfection itself.
You have everything but one thing: madness. A man needs a little madness or else - he never dares cut the rope and be free.
Love is a mental madness.
Going mad is the beginning of a process. It is not supposed to be the end result.
Nothing is so hard that it can't be found by searching.
The opinions of others cannot damage you.
Sure it hurts, but if you love someone, you forgive them." BlancheSomethings you forgive, somethings you never forgive." Kate
Why do I find it hard to write the next line?
You're not in love. You only like the feeling of being in love.
I just have to do the right thing, and recently I've realized that sometimes the right thing seems crazy to those who don't want change.
That is the secret of happiness and virtue - liking what you've got to do.
don't live to regret the things you never said
The day you stop learning more about yourself is the day you die.
I think that when you don't know, you should wait until you do.
You can choose what you believe, Shuffler, but you can't change what's true.
But as much as life is sometimes about knowing what you want and going after it and finishing, maybe other times it's about slowing down and shutting up and waiting. There's not always a clear beginning and obvious end. Sometimes we're in the middle . . . and it's okay to camp out there for a while.
There are so many people out there that will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me!
To critique sexist images without offering alternatives is an incomplete intervention. Critique in and of itself does not lead to change.
In a world like that, there'd be no need for love anymore either. if everyone were perfect, there would be no need to look out for others. Sympathy or Love is needed because people are imperfect. A perfect human cannot love anyone.
Somewhere within the meeting of our eyes, our souls were bonding, even if our day to day lives were far apart.
When the dust settles, the horses will be gone
The world was a tough and unfair place, but even the most hardened soul likes to chew on fruit.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Dream big dreams,because little dreams have no magic.
And when in doubt, Josh, follow your heart. Words can be false, images and sounds can be manipulated. But this... This is always true.
Love isn't about what happens after, it's about how great it is finding that love. The greater the find and chase, the longer the love lasts.
Doing a little at once can fix something, eventually, but i feel like when you believe something is truly a problem, you throw everything you have at it, because you just can't help yourself.
Priorities need to change at different stages of our life if we want to grow and evolve.
Beware of advice-even this.
Well, as you can plainly see, the possibilities are endless like meandering paths in a great big beautiful garden.
Good enough never is
We fiction writers are a brazen lot, are we not? For we, in our passion, embrace just enough truth to consecrate our delicately contrived lies.
Love emancipates you from prison of envy and jealousyIt makes u invisible to hatred and oblivious of self
All of these are like sparks in the midnight sky, shedding their light on a world where even a flicker of hope shines like a beacon, illuminating the seas of darkness.
I just mean that if we go through this thing and it changes us so much, you have to hope that it changes us for the better, right? If goodness can't come from bad things, it makes bad things unbearable.
Every morning most of the people wake up alive than dead, so I do have a faith there is still some goodness left in the man.
Everyone deserves to be happy with or without you in their lives!
One day they'll realize they lost a diamond while playing with worthless stones.
I'm afraid because I know I can't fight forever
But I do, and the barbed wire tightens once more, until my heart is strangled and broken.
To see yourself do not look in the mirror,but look to the eyes of the people
She flew across the turbulent gust.Her eyes fixed, her wings strongShe flies and flies and flies along.To reach high, to open her wings to the breathing sun rise.
Though my eyes cannot see beyond what I can see, I can see beyond what I cannot see
The eyes are the true reflection of a man's age and sensibilities.
A feather when viewed separately may seem like only a feather,But when seen through the eyes of truth it is a sacred instrument that lifts a bird in flight.
If love is a flame, I am an inferno...
Be kind! Go and burn the world with the fire of your love.
A fire burns with crackles at first, then loses its intensity; the same goes for love. But remember, that even the dying out fire can keep a room alight.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
You have been created in order that you might make a difference. You have within you the power to change the world.
Whatever you do is your deed.
For basic survival, as for evolution, we have to accept the past as the creator of the present, influence the future, and act in the present.
No actions, no results. Everything else is a commentary.
Sometimes stepping away from what you desire the most, is the best action to take: because it gives the process the momentum to take its own course.
Anything is possible if you've got enough nerve.
Decision and purpose directed actions define destination.
Happiness comes from actions.
it is not only what we have that enhance our dignity but what we do with what we have also magnifies our reputation to the highest level
... love is something you do; something not just to be said, but also to be shown. Let your love flow through your actions.
I can only control my actions, not their reactions," Senna replied. "But I have to live with both.
Do not constantly spend your time complaining about a problem you may be having or may be up against, focus your time toward correcting the problem. Always remember, Time is value!
So may the New Year be a happy one to you, happy to many more whose happiness depends on you!
if a sheep eats bushes does it eat flowers too?a sheep eats whatever it findseven a flower with thorn?even a flower with thorns.then what's the good of thorns?
A wise warrior learns from her mistakes.
Help means give me a hand.
Sometimes the truth stares us in the face, but we just choose not to look.
Be wise and walk with the wise.
A wise man does not waste so good a commodity as lying for naught.
If you want to be educated and wise, you must open your heart, expand your mind, be accepting and ready to change.
Schooling gives you knowledge, but education makes you wise.
To be knowledgeable, learn new things every day; to be wise, unlearn things that you learn with wit and love.
Life. In all it's mundane majesty.
A bird & a fish can fall in love, but where do they make a home?
Sharing is the first stage to the evolution of the intellectual.
It is not necessary to be an 'Intelligent', It's wise to have the 'Internet
Think Wisely and act which leads to triumphant moment.
This book is written with an open mind and it should be read with the same
When we learn how to become resilient, we learn how to embrace the beautifully broad spectrum of the human experience.
The problem is that we always look for the missing piece of the puzzle instead of finding a place for the one in our hand...
Bring the past, but only if you can build from it.
There is a time to speak up, and a time to be silent. A time to read and a time to write. A time to learn and a time to teach. A time to listen and time to be heard. A time to lose and a time to gain. And for all of these things the time in now
I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
Then perhaps we should carve a world one day where the strength lies in who you are, rather than in what they expect you to be.
You're an original, an individual, a masterpiece. Celebrate that; don't let your uniqueness make you shy. Don't be someone other than the wonder you are. Every star is important to the sky.
Change requires one to start now here or nowhere. Both places require one to pass through the same starting point - today, right now from Cinderella In Focus
That is the key of this collection, being yourself. Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live.
What's truly important--and what I find myself forgetting and having to relearn--is that right here, right now, I am free. Free to be myself and to express myself.
This is my mind , i own it!
Penguins don't waste their time trying to fly. They're unique. They know they were built for the water.
What would you do if your cat suddenly went psycho and started to attack you for no apparent reason, lying in wait and pouncing or stalking you with a faraway look reminiscent of its predatory cousins and ancestors?
Cats may walk by themselves, but there are times when they need our support.
He was massive, a veritable Arnold Schwarzenegger of a cat, with a wide, handsome face and a proud, lionish expression.
What do women want?" Sigmund Freud cried. Books and cats are a good start.
There will always be road construction in life, and never a point when all the highways are fixed. Keep walking.
Got a bout of doubt? Breathe.
Might we begin then to transform our passing illuminations into abiding light?
I believe those of us who have gone through serious hardships become, in some cosmic way, related. We form a tribe of battle veterans and fellow pilgrims suffused with knowledge none of us wanted. And although the admission to the club is unexpected and painful, the people you meet once you are there and the person you become will be with you forever
To transform yourself, you don't need to do big things. Just do small things in big way. Transformation will follow you!
When actors encounter a mishap during a stage performance,they transform it for good purpose by employing a technique called,use the difficulty. How can you use the difficulty in your life?
The power to change is already within you, ready to be discovered. Find new methods to deal with old routines. It is up to you to make the conscious choices that bring a better future.
A single change can sometimes change your entire life
An eternity of wisdom and life lies waiting for discovery by those who are willing to embark on the mystical adventure. All of our resources are within us. All we need is our heart, our mind and the will to be something better than we are.
If It's not difficult to get, then it's not for you.
Our goal of all goals and ultimate purpose of life is happiness.
Happiness is the goal of all goals and ultimate purpose of our life.
Losers have goals. Winners have systems.
when we finally know we are dying, and all other sentient beings are dying with us, we start to have a burning, almost heartbreaking sense of the fragility and preciousness of each moment and each being, and from this can grow a deep, clear, limitless compassion for all beings.
Certain aspects of dying are still a mystery to me now, but as I grow and study life more, the end of my life becomes more of a certain truth.
To do more, is not necessarily to do better.
How mighty you are as death comes upon you and your color fades. Yet from life and lush to bold array, screaming into the night.
Don't try to be different. Just be good. To be good is different enough.
Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite:"Fool!" said my muse to me, "look in thy heart, and write.
If one can, anyone can.If two can, you can, too!
I don't think writers should write about answers. I think writers should write about questions.
Pity the cat, thinks the writer, for I live as many lives as I can imagine.
Writers are explorers who find new worlds and use words to bring them to our reality.
When I told my teachers I wanted to be a writer, alot of them encouraged me to lower my expectations and to be more realistic. So I rode away on my magical, winged horse, spraying faerie dust behind me, and laughing manically as I went.
Growing up, I used to climb out my window onto the roof and look up at the stars. There, in the quiet, I would write stories inside my head.
Souls are more important than stories, yes. But stories are a window to the soul. Without stories, the soul suffocates.
Write on!
Biographies are best when written chronologically. Boring people don't make for good biographies.
Definition of a Writer: One who tells stories that demand to be told.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Knowledge is more than power, it is freedom.
To know what you want, you need to know yourself.
Choosing your flirtations consciously shows emotional maturity.
I receive the blessing of past dates, the lessons and the joy, and let the rest go now for all time.
Nonconformity in dating is all about being authentic and true to yourself.
It is important to live authentically who you are, to show yourself to your date as the bond between you builds.
Seeing and feeling your intentions are the precursors of living them in the world of magnetic attraction.
The secret to consciously dating is letting your heart be your guide.
When dating, emotionally reveal yourself in increments that are congruent with your comfort level.
Remember, you are powerful and you can always reclaim your space.
First dates are great ways to see how someone acts when putting his best foot forward.
As you open to love, you can begin the process of defining your intentions for your dating life.
Spiritual dating requires you both to have the ability to stay present in the moment and expand together.
The spirit of fun keeps your dating life interesting and not boring.
Spiritual dating is a way to date and enjoy yourself that is emotionally safer, gentler, and infinitely more pleasurable than regular dating.
Spiritual dating is the emotionally healthy way of dating as a conscious, empowered woman.
Spiritual dating is your ticket to a happy, fulfilling love life.
You deserve to be unleashed. Bliss is your birthright.
New media is the modern day gold rush.
Self acceptance is pure power.
Each relationship is an elaborate and complex dance of energetic exchange.
Spiritual dating is about listening to your instincts and not rushing into anything.
Dating from the place of internal emotional safety tells your being that you will care for it well.
Beginnings are happy never-endings as long as you remember where you started from.
Let your feet Take you places, let them remind you of the beauty your eyes can't see.
Without us, in other words, there can never be hope of a We.
He extended his hand, and one by one, everyone put their hands on top of his as a show of unity.
Each of us is a unique thread, woven into the beautiful fabric, of our collective consciousness.
Guilt is a manifestation of condemnation or aversion towards oneself, which does not understand the changing transformative quality of mind.'Seeking the Heart of Wisdom
Let go of self-condemnation and guilt!
When you become a happier human being as a result of letting go of certain people or things, that's the universe's way of letting you know it was the right choice.
Life happens with or without our permission.
When you hold onto a script that doesn't serve you, you leave no space to write a new one that does.
The process of letting go is an act of accepting.
Letting go may sound so simple, but rarely is it a one-time thing. Just keep letting go, until one day it's gone for good.
You can't fight the whole world, and you can't keep fighting everyone in your own world. It's not about giving up, it's about letting go.
Let go... How would your life be different if you learned to let go of things that have already let go of you? From relationships long gone, to old grudges, to regrets, to all the could've and should've, to the dead friendships you still hang on to... Free yourself from the burden of a past you cannot change.
Sometimes the way to share your love is to let someone go.
Letting go is easy. All you do is realize how crazy it is to live in the fantasy land of your mind at the expense of missing real opportunities in reality.
Letting go is never easy. There is no short-cut or trick to it. You must be committed enough to your future to let go of your past. It's not easy and it's likely to hurt, but it is for the best.
She now saw that she wanted a boy to do more than follow her in blind devotion. She wanted a boy to challenge her, to tell her about things she'd never thought of, to show her new points of view.
No matter what, we have to keep moving forward, even if we have to crawl.
Money is a tool. Used properly it makes something beautiful- used wrong, it makes a mess!
Not feeling is no replacement for reality. Your problems today are still your problems tomorrow
Be your best proponent, ally, and advocate.
Life is an addiction Wind to feel ,Love to crave ,Power to have ,Cigarette's to smoke.
Always love, always encourage, and never let despair get in the way.
Passion creates, addiction consumes.
I WILL CHANGE THIS WORLD ABSOLUTELY
No person that has ever felt the benefits of being present can consider himself a victim, or unhappy in any way.
You would free yourself from so much stress and drama if you just understood and embraced the truth that you are enough.
Don't be fooled, Clara. No one's new and shiny. Not really.
We become increasingly aware that the human dream, the human drama, with all its questionable, damaging, and often malevolent intention is not real life at all.
A young girl needs to spread her wings, but a young woman needs roots.
Never give up hope. If you do, you'll be dead already.--Dementia Patient, Rose from The Inspired Caregiver
Many people define beauty as skin deep, but I've found the beauty in physical and superficial changes that continue throughout the life of a woman.
I used to think that eighty was a very old age. Now I am ninety. I do not think this any more. As long as you are able to admire and to love, you are young.
You know what that reflects? Unsatisfied lives. Unfulfilled lives. Lives that haven't found meaning . Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward. You want to see more, do more. You can't wait until sixty-five.
When good times turn out way bigger than you first expected, that's when you know you're on a roll!
I will tell you what we shall do: if ever you need to rescue Catherine, or you Berkley, Maximus, I will help you, and you will do as much for me. Then we do not need to worry, I do not suppose anyone could stop all three of us, at least not before we can escape
If you are willing to be helped, you will receive help; and for as long as you sincerely ask, you will be helped.
Help does not only come through financial assistance. There are a lot of ways with which one person can help another person.
It's hard to make things right for everyone.""But if everybody helped just one person, lots of people would get helped.
It's his duty. A good healer can't pick and choose. If he can help, then he must.
People die and starve every day, but look on the bright side. Lower population.
If you are good at something never do it for free but if someone needs your help and deserve the help do it for free you will get respect..
Help each and every person who is in need, because you don't know at which moment you are in need!
I quite enjoy the lines on my forehead because they show my life. That's my history and I like to see that in other people. Like this wrinkle is due to some girl who broke my heart. I don't want to escape it in any way.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Security does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than exposure.
The only limits we have are the ones we give ourselves.
I am soft and kind hearted. Sadly people mistake that for weakness. But I'd rather be weak thank ugly hearted.
Destination is never a final one.Once you reach you plan for the next.
There are so many things in life I hope to experience and attend, but so many more I'm hoping that I miss.
When your in pain you slowly killing your self but when your happy you are repairing the pain that slowly killing you
A Grandmother thinks of her grandchildren day and night, even when they are not with her.She will always love them more than anyone would understand.
Everything that has ever happened to me is still all with me.
You'll never know what you're capable of if you never take the first step and try.
Know the adjectives that define you and pay no heed to the verbs that defy you.
How you live does not depend so much on what life brings you as on the attitude that you approach your life with.
Life says: " Write down your experiences in a notebook, not on a blackboard. Don't start with a clean slate, but with a new page, so you can look back.
Being myself is the one thing that people would want to see out of me, they don't want to see me being the fake person that the world wants me to be, all they want to see is the real me, the real person that is inside of me.
and dreaming is very pleasant as long as you are not forced to put your dreams into practice. That way, we avoid all the risks, frustrations and difficulties, and when we are old, we can always blame other people-preferably our parents, our spouses or our children-for our failure to realize our dreams.
Nicholas met with him earlier about some lumber deal and sent him here for lunch. He's evidently new in town and was wondering where to get something good to eat.
I looked evil in the eye and smiled at it with such power that I felt a little dizzy.Jade Gentry (Polishing Jade)
Now the city is at its loveliest. The crowds of summer and autumn have gone, the air has a new freshness, the light has that pale-gold quality unique to this time of year. There have been several weeks of this weather now, without a drop of rain.
What's bosoms? Cade asked.You'll find out when you get older, Jake said."A lot older," Colt said.Last Promise
I aim to make the fiction flexible so that it bends itself around the facts as we have them. Otherwise I don't see the point. Nobody seems to understand that. Nobody seems to share my approach to historical fiction. I suppose if I have a maxim, it is that there isn't any necessary conflict between good history and good drama.
Imagination only comes when you privilege the subconscious, when you make delay and procrastination work for you.
I'd rather make a good run than a bad stand.
They didn't realize that if you take away the possibility of pain, and suffering, failure.you also take away the possibility of happiness, success, and joy." -The Old Man: DOMINATUS
Yeah, Mel! If she shoves you again, smack her in the face!" bellowed Mika.Kira glared at Mika. "I mean, beat her in the race!
The standard of matrimony is erected by affection and purity, and does not depend upon the height, or bulk, or color, or wealth, or poverty of individuals. Water will seek its level; nature will have free course; and heart will answer to heart.
If you're not at the front, you're not in the race.
A man with charm is an entertaining thing, and a man with looks is, ofcourse, a sight to behold, but a man with honor - ah, he is the one, dear reader, to which young ladies should flock.
It is an honorable charge to shine the lightand stand up for what is true, just, and right.Guardians of Light know innately that whenever we insert honor, love, and truth into any experience, we shall always remove pain.
Sometimes the heart of a weary soul needs a simple moment of love and light shined upon it, or reflected back to it. That momentary connection might be the one thing that inspires a person to take one more step and move in a positive new direction.
Let us do those things that our heart is asking us to do and from this day forth allow all souls that leave our presence feeling honored and deeply loved.
If you want to know if someone is lying to you, start by living a truthful life. Once you live in the truth, you will not be easily deceived.
If we want to grow, the way to break a pattern of negativity is to face anything negative with love.
We have soul contracts with every person in our lives to live in the vibration of truth.
Fear has no place in the lives of those who choose to be victorious.
When truthful knowledge is dispensed, soul growth is accomplished every time, for all parties involved, in every situation.
Pure truth is always present, but it is each soul's choice to decide when he or she wants it to be revealed.
They said i run away coz i cant face situatonsI run away coz i dont want to get people seriously harmed or killed.Stop judging peoples, no one needs your cocksucking opinions.
When you do something with all your heart and good intentions the small life turns magical.
To make love last, you've got to treat it like the ultimate poker hand; you've got to go all in.
You will usually find two kind of people around Some Sympathetic and Some Antipathetic and I'm not concerned with the former
The solution you seek, can be found nowhere else but within you.
To time travel, you must move from where you are, or just close your eyes.
Someone is always there to love you no matter what happens in life. That person is you. Take a break! You deserve it.
The best connections are the ones who are like-minded and who value quality, integrity, truth, passion for life and the desire share-it-forward while leaving an unprecedented legacy in the world."-Steven Cuoco
A rainbow is a storm's masterpiece.
I have come to hide you, darkness told the star. I'm too bright, the defiant star replied.
A pearl never loses its value, not even when covered with dirt.
You can switch off all the lights, but that won't stop the sun from rising.
One who conquers others is great, one who conquers the world is mighty, but one who conquers himself is divine.
The ignorant person is completely unaware of one's mistakes.The wise person acknowledges and learns from one's mistakes.The enlightened person realizes that there are no mistakes.
What is learned can never be unlearned.
You have to learn before you can earn.
We should learn to savor some moments to let time feel worth existing
The more you learn, the more you will be able to see, feel, love, enjoy, and understand.
To learn, read; to understand, participate.
I may appear stand off-ish but I'm not. I just let go of my attachment to things.
Listen: You can't short-circuit the learning process. It takes time to get to the top, and that's good-because by the time you get there, you'll have learned what you need to know in order to stay there.
We must learn from our struggles.
Everybody in this life has their challenges and difficulties. That is part of our mortal test. The reason for some of these trials cannot be readily understood except on the basis of faith and hope because there is often a larger purpose which we do not always understand. Peace comes through hope.
The heart that gives thanks is a happy one, for we cannot feel thankful and unhappy at the same time.The more we say thanks, the more we find to be thankful for.And the more we find to be thankful for, the happier we become.We don't give thanks because we're happy.We are happy because we give thanks.
If it's not exactly like you thought it would be, you think it's a failure. What about the spectrum of colors in between.
Unreasonable," "unrealistic," and "impractical" are all words used to marginalize a person or idea that fails to conform with conventionally expected standards.
Don't let them beat down your spirit and the spirit of your ideas go with reality and what seems natural to you ...transpire within this Universe and together we shall have a goal.
Holy faith, holy courage.
Sometimes, we only truly find ourselves when we have lost ourselves first.
A problem is an answer waiting to be opened
The small woman Builds cages for everyone She Knows. While the sage, Who has to duck her head When the moon is low, Keeps dropping keys all night long For the Beautiful Rowdy Prisoners (Courtesy of my dear friend, Conni)
I once believed soft, warm, beautiful things could never flourish in an environment of hard concrete and cold, dark bricks.
Prayers Are Free, But Change is going to cost you.
You have to keep looking on the bright, because you'll never find anything in the dark.
When you are down, the only place to go is up. -Pontius Joseph
Tragedies break us, yet sometimes they make us.
The Universe is a continuous web. Touch it at any point and the whole web quivers."Stanley Kunitz
If you have WANNA, you can do ANYTHING!! - The Caterpillar That Wouldn't Change
It is a miracle if we can find true friends, and it is a miracle if you have enough food to eat, and it is a miracle if you get to spend your days and evenings doing whatever it is you like to do... Lemony Snicket, The Lump of Coal
relationships would be without fault if we would just do what we would want our spouse to do in every situation.
No one and nothing outside of you can give you salvation, or free you from the misery. You have to light your own lamp. You have to know the miniature universe that you yourself are.
None of us can ever save himself; we are the instruments of one another's salvation, and only by the hope that we give to others do we lift ourselves out of the darkness into light.
human desires are the main cause of suffering
It's not time that is passing by after all, it's you and I
When you are accepting something as truth, make sure that it feels good for you. Otherwise, you are accepting someone else's truth and it doesn't fit into your vibration. If you stay true to your vibrations you're making the correct choice for you.
Think about what you think about is much more than a clever grouping of words. It's largely the difference between maximized and unrealized potential.
If I could give you just one thing, I'd want it to be a simple truth that took me many years to learn. If you learn it now, it may enrich your life in hundreds of ways. And it may prevent you from facing many problems that have hurt people who have never learned it.The truth is simply this:No one owes you anything.
Sometimes breaking down is the only solution for stepping up
You stop accepting yourself and stop connecting three realms of the triangle of awareness within you. You fail to realize that this is mistaken notion that "a lighter you is a happier you" isn't making you happier at all.
Happiness is not a condition but a mindset.
Happiness comes from your mindset.
Policy-makers continue to discover that they cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's mindsets
My friends say I'm a fool to think that you're the one for me, I guess I'm just a sucker for love. (love love) 'Cause honsetly the truth is that you know I'm never leaving, 'cause your my angel sent from above. (bove bove) Me and you can do no wrong. My money is yours give you a lil more 'cause I love ya, love ya. With me girl is where you belong...-Love Me
I always reminded myself that this wasn't exactly where I was meant to be, but pit stops are okay on the road of life, aren't they?
When boys unite hearts with all souls and creatures they become gentle men.When girls unite hearts with all souls and creatures they become gentle women.When humanity unites with the heart of the ONE, an era of peace and love shall return to earth.
Even though I approached girls relentlessly, I wasn't really approachable myself.
A #GIRLBOSS is someone who's in charge of her own life. She gets what she wants because she works for it.
Passive Mind generates mood swings and active mind generates Ideas
Our brain is so full of nonsense there is no room for common sense.
The real bottleneck is software. Creating software can be done only the old-fashioned way. A human -sitting quietly in a chair with a pencil, paper and laptop- is going to have to write the codes... One can mass-produce hardware and increase it's power by piling on more and more chips, but you cannot mass-produce the brain.
Your brain is like a plant. If you plant a seed in it, it will grow into a big idea.
Written up in marker on a factory sign:I struggle with the feeling that my life isn't mine
sometimes we fall because we don't struggle to prevent ourselves from falling
If we know one thing from experience it is that oppression does not crush rebellion, no matter how it tries,' I told him. 'It breeds it anew with every tyrannical act.
The struggle hurts now but will be sweet in times of retrospect.
I know you don't love me. But I'm going to fight for your love. There are some things in life that are worth fighting for the end. You are worth it.
You must take the world as you find it, with a struggle to be something more honest than those around you. Phineas, as he preached himself this sermon, declared to himself that they who attempted more than this flew too high in the clouds to be of service to men an women upon the earth
Struggle shapes our character. And character dictates what we will become.
Do not seek praise. Seek criticism.
Let's realise that criticisms are like homing pigeons. They always return home. Let's realise that the person we are going to correct and condemn will probably justify himself o herself, and condemn us in return.
Anaemia is an illness primarily affecting characters in novels.
Everyone is useful for specific task.
A person's tragedy does not make up their entire life. A story carves deep grooves into our brains each time we tell it. But we aren't one story. We can change our stories. We can write our own.
We all look for meaning behind the tragedies that befall us. And sometimes the meaning is there. But sometimes, Master Bruce, terrible things just happen. No sinister plots. No secret societies. They just happen.
What a tragedy, to stand in the middle of your world, watch everything around you fall apart, and realize, your actions precipitated this free fall! Take more time to consider the consequences of your thoughts and actions. One day, you WILL call out for help. Don't let bad judgment disconnect your lifelines.
Never underestimate the importance of tragedy in life. Don't fear it, make it the mirror of your life.
We can not escape tragic roads. It is like grasping at the sun & trying to catch air. We must take one step at-a-time. Keep going.
We're better than Galileo. Because he's dead.
We're all dead...Some of us are just a little further along than others.
I was dead unit you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened.
Don't you know how sweet and wonderful life can be?
Thinking of you, wherever you areWe pray for our sorrows to end,and hope that our hearts will blend.Now I will step forward to realize this wish.And who knows,starting a new journey may not be so hardOr maybe it has already begun.There are many worlds.but they share the same skyone sky, one destiny. Kairi
I don't need their understanding, but my daughter will--and I hope the minds of her peers are wide open with vibrant hues of passion. i hope they paint the world with color.
Be beautiful for yourself, Janie. And only if you want to. If a man is worthy of you, he'll see more beauty in who you are than in what you look like.
A glad zest and hopefulness might be inspired even in the most jaded and ennui-cursed, were there in our homes such simple, truthful natures as that of my heroine, and it is in the sphere of quiet homes-not elsewhere-I believe that a woman can best rule and save the world.
Otani: Oh... I didn't get you a Christmas present. Risa: But you already gave me something.Otani: Huh? I didn't give you anything.Risa: It was something wonderful. 'I seem to like you much more than I realized'.
Human beings are obscured by their desire to have and their greed to own preventing their natural cause of "being
The world is old and full of lessons. We will not lack for examples. We only have to look around carefully, earnestly, so we can learn and realize that success, to be genuine, must not be propelled by greed.
The only way to the top is killing and greed. Okay, I'm kidding. But killing helps.
Wouldn't it be nice, for once, to find a world which was at peace with itself. No matter how always those few wanted more than others. Those not satisfied with running their own lives but wishing to have power over the lives of the others. Greedy people. Greedy for wealth, or power or both.
The true writer, the born writer, will scribble words on scraps of litter, the back of a bus tickets, on the wall of a cell.
A love of writing is far greater than any word count.
The shock of recognition is a moment of excitement that shakes the soul. It may be hard to describe, but like other forms of love, you will know it when you feel it
Your story must told.Live a life legacy- written book or notes.This will be there for many generations to know your rich experiences and knowledge.
...a deadline should not prevent you from writing, but writing will help prevent you from missing your deadline. Then write a word. Then remind yourself of that again. And then write another and hey, look at you! You're spitting in that deadline's eye.
What are minnows but brief flashes? And what are thoughts? And how do you capture a brief flash, even for a second?
A watched pot never boils." It's the same with success. So? Throw that burner on HIGH and just keep on cooking. Dinner will be ready soon.
The higher consciousness feel the most pain because they search for the darkness in order to bring it to the light and thus feel the most pleasure.
If you can find just one place of pleasure within, than you can find the courage to persist.
Happiness is the good life that is marked by flourishing well-being, joy, prosperity, peace, satisfaction, and pleasure.
Is life not more important than anything in this world?
Although, we were trampled, our spirit sustains us.
Destruction makes people go away so,if you hide inside destruction,you're safe
Don't try or welcome the consequences
Who am i? I'm the one you won't be able to handle. I'm the one who is the other side of the picture. I'm the one who is going to make you question everything you believe. I'm the one whom you can never understand.
Time is Money, I am No Ones Honey, Trust Me. I can Make It Dollars Every Second.
It is possible to rise above any adversity.
There are few things more contagious than a healthy attitude.
Strong-willed heart, always makes me feel so touched. It reminds me about some 'fall and rise again' in my life.
There's no such things as coulda, shoulda, woulda. If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it.
Behind every successful flight, lies the will, full of thrust, against the wind; the will to win.
Will covers a multitude of flaws, just as love covers a multitude of sins.
It is when the heavenly fire has departed and the soul is cool again that we discover the real quality of our will.
Nobody needs saving, just a little bit of empathy
The surest of stubborn silences is not to hold one's tongue but to talk
Oh what force on earth could be weaker than the feeble strength of one" like me remembering the way it could have been. Help me with this barricade. No surrender. No defeat. A spectre's haunting Albert Street. I am your pamphleteer.
Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
Life's easy.It's living it that's difficult.
Earth is the cradle of humanity, but one cannot live in a cradle forever.
I must go down to the sea...to the lonely sea and the sky, And all I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer her by......
You know that song, 'Woodstock.' It says 'We are stardust.' And we are. We come from stardust. Everything on earth is just ashes.
It's strange how money seems to silence a neighborhood," I say quietly. "On my street, where no one has money, it's so loud. Sirens blaring, people shouting, car doors slamming, stereos thumping. There's always someone, somewhere, making noise.
We lie in wait for the right moment and the just cause, which, at this moment, is simply wanting to live.
If you don't pay the price for success, you'll pay the price for failure.
...if a man's thirst is quenched by power, then all other desires are of no worth to him.
Solitude does not necessarily mean living apart from others; rather, it means never living apart from one's self.A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life
We will make ourselves comfortable and sleep, and eat as much as we can stuff into our bellies, and drink and smoke so that hours are not wasted. Life is short.
I pretend to be stupid to reveal your cockiness,I pretend to be helpless to reveal your selfishness,I pretend to be annoying to reveal your patience,I pretend to be vulnerable to reveal your kindliness, Every action I take has a purpose,Every action you take divulges what you truly are.
Is Wisdom derived from the accumulation of one's experiences, or rather one's thoughtful reflection upon what he has learned throughout the process?
Aww, the sound of waves crashing along the ocean side and spraying back up to touch the wind only for a moment, then to fall back down becoming the ocean once more...
Your life is a reflection. you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE. You gotta BE it to SEE it.
The silver trump of freedom had roused my soul to eternal wakefulness.
I will follow anyone... And tell everyone...How grateful I am...To the Western nations.
Earned money brings you security, borrowed money gets you slavery.
The brightest skies are always foreshadowed by dark clouds
Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.
Right expectations, from the right people at the right time, that's the art of expecting.
Zero Expectations? What's that? I believe in Smart Expectations.
Sometimes my entire life has felt like one long exercise in lowering my expectations.
Serving with love, a kind heart, and without expectations is happiness.
When you let it go with love, but without expectations, it is forever yours.
Disappointment doesn't stem from expectations. It stems from unrealistic or unreasonable expectations.
Always keep in mind that even your most dreadful expectations, are still nothing more than mere assumptions
When a great team loses through complacency, it will constantly search for new and more intricate explanations to explain away defeat. After a while it becomes more innovative in thinking up how to lose than thinnking up how to win.
We're on this planet for too short a time. And at the end of the day, what's more important? Knowing that a few meaningless figures balanced-or knowing that you were the person you wanted to be?
Roses are for our eyes to adore, but they mean nothing unless you give them to someone you love.
The meaning of life is basically to be the kind of person you would want to be around.
We will be advancing beyond just even odds. - Janett Lee Wawrzyniak, Secret Terror in Wavelengths - Wave Links: Inter-Dimensional
Live free, dream loud, be inspired, find your power.
the most radical question which anyone can be asked is not how much their possessions cost, but whether they have found something of value - that is, something that makes living worthwhile.
There are essentially two questions in life - a spiritual question and a material question. The spiritual question is 'Who am I?' The material question is 'What am I to do with my life?' One leads to the other.
To sit and contemplate - to remember the faces of women without desire, to be pleased by the great deeds of men without envy, to be everything and everywhere in sympathy and yet content to remain where and what you are.
Only where children gatheris there any real chance of fun.
It was your personality that consumed me. You became my favorite. My favorite of them all.
We've been trapped in here, away from civilisation. We're wasting our lives away, waiting for something. But nothing's happened, and nothing is going to happen unless we help ourselves.
Sometimes you need to loose in order to win.
Pain comes with the decision of choosing what I have to offer now, but this same pain is needed to shape you for the greater destiny ahead.
But always remember, I am watching your every move and will be with all of you until the end of all things. Do not let your heart be troubled with the turmoil of the future. Be sure of one thing: the future is already written in the hidden stones of the hearts of those who said 'yes.
Our trust goes beyond the darkness.
Words aren't good enough for a lot of things, but we have to try.
There are ultimate truths you cannot hide from no matter how high you climb or how long you sit alone. Everything is on its way somewhere, even if that place feels like nowhere.
I was a wildflower that would continue to grow in the most unexpected weather.
We as humans are the patterns of life. We are the roads we travel. Our lives make up the insignificance of a moment of the importance of a second. The choices we make are everything. I realize that, now that everything has changed and I'm a different person.
All empires are created of blood and fire.
I prefer to be in the grave in Colombia than in a jail cell in the United States.
There can only be one king.
Everyone has a price, the important thing is to find out what it is.
Sometimes your whole life could hinge on a fraction of an inch. Or the beat of nanosecond. Or the knock on a door.Kind of made a male believe in the divine. It really did.
The afternoon and the early evening slide by in a lidded daze where the ability to think in any identifiable way disappears and where every moment seems to be an eternity.
Sometimes the endpoint is the startpoint
The past is behind us unless we fail to learn from it.
The times when you want to cry are when you have to try your hardest. That's why I decided I'll cry in general. Then, when I have to shed tears for a time when I really want to cry, my tears would have run dry
I have shed many tears.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence
when i run i run fastwhen i read time whirls pastwhatever you do todaydo it in the best possible way
Life is like a road, It has highways and detours
Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication to excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy the process.
Think of your day as a blank canvas, and everything you say, your art upon it. Then join your loved ones and friends, and create lasting beauty together, worthy of your inner Rembrandt.
The race for excellence has no finish line.
There's never been a better time to let the leaves of mediocrity fall from your tree of life.
Now is the time to enliven, ennoble and enrich your life's tapestry.
Leadership is bringing people into new realms of excellence and challenging them to become distinguished in their chosen field.
Ordinary is an insult to excellence.
I contemplate the bones for a while then turn away. I have work to do. Next year I will have an odako that is bigger, grander, more beautiful than anyone has ever seen. Next year.
Nothing remarkable or impressive comes to be overnight, and all those so-called "overnight success" stories misrepresent the truth. It is only the manifestation of that success that appeared overnight, but its essence was built up over time.
Success doesn't just happen. It is a product of hard work, grit and ingenuity.
It's not what you know but the kind of job you do that makes the difference.
You don't ask for all that you get. You don't get all that you ask for. That doesn't mean you don't work the hardest for what you want the most.
A hard practicing period yields a lifelong victory
No matter how good you are to people, you will always have barriers and enemies on your way to success
Let no body lie you that there is a future other than a moment you are able to walk and talk.
The greatest profit, is to make your own gain.
If you want to find your greatest love, it will be inside the hardest thing you do.That's where it will be
It's not about the games it's about practice and when you practice, go hard!!
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Sheer effort enables those with nothing to surpass those with priviledge and position.
You may not be the person with high IQ, but you can be the person with highest hard work.
Early to bed and early to work might get you a success, but late to bed and early to work will get you a glory.
Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you GET for it, but what you BECOME for it.
What you really believe about the source of great performance thus becomes the foundation of all you will ever achieve
A best friend is he who can emulate a dog but still can talk.
I am not a teacher, I am a friend who cares.
With some dogs you share a boil in the bag breakfast and maybe a blanket on a cold desert floor. Some you wouldn't leave in charge of your Grandma unless you wanted to find out just how fast the old girl could run. But, if you're very, very lucky there will be the one dog you would lay down your life for - and for me that dog is Buster.
There's a world of difference between a dog that is off the leash and a dog that is trained to be off the leash.
See with your heart, not just your eyes
My dogs have been the reason I have woken up every single day with a smile on my face. I am among the ranks of millions of people who appreciate the souls of dogs and know they are a gift of pure love and an example of all that is good.
Fairy tales do not give the child his first idea of bogey. What fairy tales give the child is his first clear idea of the possible defeat of bogey. The baby has known the dragon intimately ever since he had an imagination. What the fairy tale provides for him is a St. George to kill the dragon.
A really well-done first draft of a book bares your soul. The purpose of revision is so that everyone who reads the published version believes you were writing about theirs.
There is nothing sadder in this world than the waste of human potential. The purpose of evolution is to raise us out of the mud, not have us grovelling in it
(Your) potential doesn't mean shit if you don't get off your ass and start working.
You have a great potential.
You are a potential genius, so unleash your potential to release your genius.
You are infinitely capable. You don't live in the universe. You are the universe. You are the entire universe experiencing itself through the eyes of one human. And thus, you are free to create the reality you choose.
The best steel doesn't always shine the brightest.
We all have the greatest potential. Life is about finding it, embracing it and then learning to be with it in the world without fear of prejudice or judgment.
Your journey through life and self-discovery is much like the start of a new day. As you grow, develop, and reinvent yourself, the tendrils of light tear through the darkness of your untapped potential and uncharted territory. As you learn more, discover your life's purpose, and establish a vision for your future, the light shines through on your true self.
The Infinite is the distance between both ears.
Your Potential is all that you can HAVE but have not yet possessed. No limits. No boundaries
Your Potential is an OBLIGATION.Its what you MUST be,do and have because you CAN. You Can, you Must, You will
Yes, you may love them to death, but are they willing to love you to life?
Hating our bodies is something that we learn, and it sure as hell is something that we can unlearn.
Find Your Balance.
I am always in a state of Eunoia.And I'm not in it just for the vowels.
My mind can be ugly. But when I read something of mine that I think is beautiful, I'm reminded mind can be beautiful too.
My mind can be ugly. But when I read something of mine that I think is beautiful, I'm reminded my mind can be beautiful too.
I never knew anybody, anywhere I have been, who found life simple. I think a life or a time looks simple when you leave out the details, the way a planet looks smooth, from orbit.
Don't take my devils away, because my angels may flee too.
Because this is my life, the only one I get. And if it's a choice between a life Albilitoled, or a life full of Life... well, that's not really a choice at all.
Life isn't always easy. I struggle day to day. But I choose to live life to the fullest and keep reminding myself that I am stronger than ANYTHING that stands in my way.
Forging fake smiles to hide painful truths doesn't take away the hurt, but sometimes safeguards our emotions from those adamant not to understand.
Self-loathing is man's effort to sweep the moon of footprints.
Amalie took his hand and spread it against her heart. Her smile was utterly tranquil. 'The world changes and the world stays the same', she told him, ... 'The old moon sets. New moon rises.
But even the longest day wears to sunset.
Of all the comforting objects in this world, few things are as reassuring and accepting as books.
Each day is a new chance to improve your life, and that of your family, friends and colleagues. Be positive in your outlook, honest in your dealing and determined in your efforts. You will succeed
I just want to make sure Mama. Sometimes I don't even know what I want. A lot of times I'm just tired. Mama reached up and smoothed Liza's curls away from her face. Well darlin', that's the sign of a life being lived. I think we're all tired when we're giving it our best.
Life is entrusted to man as a treasure which must not be squandered, as a talent which must be used well.
Different things drive me at different points in time. Hopes, the things you envision, and even things that pull you down" - Kunal Karan Kapoor
The ability to be emotive comes from within...it's innate".
Picture sometimes says something that connects with people. Connection, that is what it is all about in the end".
If more people had the courage to discover their potential, we might find that such talents are not so rare
.to own only a little talent.was an awful, plaguing thing..being only a little bit special meant you expected too much, most of the time.
Above everything else I've done, I've always said I've had more guts than I've got talent.
If you have a talent, use it in every which way possible. Don't hoard it. Don't dole it out like a miser. Spend it lavishly like a millionaire intent on going broke.
Your life is your song, sing it loud!
Loyalty is not loyalty unless one clings to it in the face of adversity.
Love is not always fireworks and magic. Often we'll experience it in the form of patience, acceptance, loyalty, and mutual respect.
Do something better and different that people know you by your work not by your name.
When someone is delusional, he or she can do anything to justify his or her beliefs.
Our beliefs control our bodies, our minds, and thus our lives...
You don't always have to follow the rules. You have to stand for what you believe.
Are your consistent beliefs serving you or are they holding you back?
We cannot help where we are born or how we are raised," Tel Hesani said. "But we can reject the twisted beliefs of those around us if we need to. Our loved ones and elders don't always know what is best. A man should listen to his heart and make his own decisions about what is wrong and what is right.
Smells could bring a person back clearer than pictures even could.
1980's: not a time period but a state of mind.
Why should we tolerate a diet of weak poisons, a home in insipid surroundings, a circle of acquaintances who are not quite our enemies, the noise of motors with just enough relief to prevent insanity? Who would want to live in a world which is just not quite fatal?
The boundary between tame and wild exists only in the imperfections of the human mind.
Be prepared to change yourself if you think there is a need to change your environment.
The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe, the less taste we shall have for destruction.
Consider the impact of your personal care choices on our health, water supply and our wider environment.
Shroud of dust now covers the beautiful earth, wonder when we respire in the fresh air of verdure.
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say
How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music
There is no such word as Genius, it is just the combination of hard work and determination.
People err who think my art comes easily to me. I assure you, dear friend, nobody has devoted so much time and thought to compositions as I. There is not a famous master whose music I have not industriously studied through many times.
Genius is always accompanied by enthusiasm.
A man's genius seems to befriend the more when he reads with open heart, the masterpiece of masterminds, the sagacity of sages, and the ingenious words of geniuses of ages.
Dance for yourself. If someone understands, good. If not, no matter. Go right on doing what interests you, and do it until it stops interesting you.
Life is sweet when you pay attention. When it doesn't seem sweet, put a sticker on your nose and do a funky dance.
Our lives may not have fit together, but ohhh did our souls know how to dance...
Hayworth's marriage made her a princess, but her feet made her a queen.
I kept wanting to go back on the stage and do it again since I had so much fun and felt so accomplished. It seemed that I had regained a lot of the confidence that I knew I had years before when I performed onstage all the time.
Where life used to feel overcrowded, it now feels boundless as the sky. Where I used to feel shackled, I am now free to dance.
I dance with hopes and sing along with possibilities.
Be like a peacock and dance with all of your beauty.
Without any music, I started to dance. I wanted the music to be inside me, or at least for it to appear that way. I imagined myself the lead with an audience here to see me perform in a famous ballet. In my fantasy, there was no panic attack. I was free to dance. Free to be me.
Nature paces its change in gradual steps, and in this time of renewal, I danced in sync to the rhythm of life.
A man whose eyes love opens risks his soul -His dancing breaks beyond the mind's control.
Gender is but a doorway to a vast inner universe of ultimate relationships between oneness and duality, manifest and divine, being and nonbeing, temporal and eternal.
Love Knows NO GENDER.
Life only plants the seeds. It's up to us to help them grow.
Some men are born to be good some born to be badAs for me I only came with just a pen 'n' a pad.
I know one thing for sho Heaven's gotta have a ghettoCuz where else in death do I get to go?
For every minute that a book entertains you, the author of that book invested several minutes of their lives. Please show your appreciation by taking a minute out of your life to leave us a review. It not only means a lot to us to know you enjoyed our work, it inspires us to write more! Thank you!
What do you want to write? What gets your goat? What irks you to no length? If you could change the world with words, what would they be?
I know that books seem like the ultimate thing that's made by one person, but that's not true. Every reading of a book is a collaboration between the reader and the writer who are making the story up together.
I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living. And you...And you...And you...Gotta give em hope.
It doesn't matter who you are or where you come from or what you look like or who you love. It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, able, disabled, gay or straight, you can make it here in America if you're willing to try.
Focus on your potential not your past.
You are a part of what we're doing. We're in this together.
Give without expectation and receive with reckless abandon.
The more you are grateful for what you have, the more you can live fully in the present.
It's time to embrace what is...and let go of what you wanted to happen
Be thankful for the blessings already on their way. And don't be surprised if one of your blessings is to be the blessing for which someone else is thankful.
I was very happy in both my marriages. I was unfaithful and so were they, just like any other normal couple.
To every dreamer, you direct the light of all the world!
If you keep on dreaming, you'll never achieve anything. But if you start hardworking, I know you will do
If you never dream of flying, then you'll never wake up with wings.
There is a majesty to lucid dreaming that is almost beyond words. To find yourself present and aware in another world, a universe within your own mind, is simply so far removed from our daily "normal" experiences that it can quite literally take your breath away.
Never apologize for who you are and what you do and more especially never apologize for dreaming big even if they don't come true. Many will criticize you and call you names but hey it's your life, it's your dream. Make it happen.
Dreaming's great as long as you wake up now and again
I look out over my life and see a million question marks with only a few definitive exclamation points. I'm living for the next exclamation.
Dreaming is good. But working to make those dreams come true is even better.
These paper boats of mine are meant to dance on the ripples of hours, and not reach any destination.
I have yet to be completely submerged in reality, for drowning in the sky.
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, then DO NOT be afraid to LEAVE someone who is messing with YOUR MOOD in a detrimental way.
Everything has happened, is happening, and will happen FOR YOU (if you BELIEVE and ACTIVELY LIVE by this mentality)!
No one is capable of loving and caring about YOU how you are capable of loving and caring about YOU. Thus, you must 'First Love Yourself' if you want to continuously become a better version of yourself.
One 'Magic Formula' is for you to become your own best friend and your own biggest critic SIMULTANEOUSLY.
Love yourself' is not 'Lust yourself.
If you don't start going after WHAT YOU WANT, then you will NEVER GET WHAT YOU WANT! Do you want to be on your death bed wondering, 'WHAT IF? WHAT IF I would've quit letting life pass me by and just went for it?!' JUST GO FOR IT! LIVE ALL OUT!
Communication is a major key to building any strong relationship, whether it is the relationship one has with oneself or with others. Sinful communication weakens yourself, weakens those you care about, and thus weakens your team.
You don't have to be ruled by fate. You can choose freedom, and I still believe that that's something worth fighting for.
My passion is to see ordinary believers receive extraordinary answers to their prayers.
A crazy old lady, leading a band of teenagers against an angry supernatural Entity - who'da thought?
Read to refresh your mind.
If we read the Holy Bible, we shall know better ways of living life.
Reading is entering into another world and leaving a little bit more educated when finished.
If you don't want to waste your time on thinking, start reading.
If you want to be, if you want to see, let us read a lot, then we will have a shot!
Get someone-anyone-to read books to you. Having books read to you at any age is the supremo ultimato of living.
Open your thoughts to the probability that you are more intuitive than you realize
Just breathe and believe.
Have you ever heard someone say 'I shouldn't have trusted my intuition'?
Use your intuition. Just trust yourself and keep true to that.
When you are mindful of your intuition, you gain a mind full of inspiration.
To be whole, we need to embrace bothintuition and logic.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
What is even more important than developing intuition is cultivating the sense of adventure and discovery in life.
I know what happened. I used my inTWINition
Love isn't easy. It isn't perfect like in stories or movies--but it's real. When we feel it, it reminds us we are alive, and when we truly feel it--it hurts like hell--but it reminds us why we live... For the hope of love.
A calm water is like a still soul.
A good shell has to have life and resiliency to get in harmony with the swing of the crew.
I wondered whether water is a mirror for our darker emotions as much as it is an engine for our happiness. Water quiets all the noise, all the distractions, and connects you to your own thoughts.
I wish you water.
Who says there's just one safe way to walk, one road properly lit, and the rest - all slippery water, unmarked?
I was also supposed to quiz my various companions on a number of important matters such as nostalgia, fear of unknown animals, food fantasies, nocturnal emissions, hobbies, choice of radio program, changes in out look and so forth.
To be sure, this is what generally happens when one eats cake; but Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.
Sometimes, it takes just a moment of insanity to decide the course of our whole life.
When you aim high and you want to create a difference, all you need is a SPARK from your heart.
What you think about yourself is more important than what others think about you.
Let us think, let us loveJust for a day, just for a nightLet us find peace and happinessDeep in our heart with spiritual light.
Happiness absolutely depends on how you think.
Any education that doesn't allow you to think freely is not an education but a prison.
To think outside the box, first you need to know what YOU & OTHERS are thinking inside.
Money should be ones demand and not command, one should not become a slave of Money because we made money to help us trade and not to make us, we're already made even without money.
No offense but a seller will say whatever it takes to sell a product but if you sum it up, it comes down to hard work.
You'll earn more money doing something you love, rather than just doing something because it pays you a high salary.
Just make as much money as you can, but try your best not to rob or get robbed, it will sweep all that you have and leave your hands empty.
It's easy to get sidetracked with thoughts that involve much money and precious things, but before you launch into that mode, reason well.
Where there is less pain, there is also less pay.
They laughed too, even Rose Dear shook her head and smiled, and suddenly the world was right side up. Violet learned then what she had forgotten until this moment: that laughter is serious. More complicated, more serious than tears.
He had an idea that even when beaten he could steal a little victory by laughing at defeat.
The more you expect from life, the more your expectations will be fulfilled. By laughing, you do not use up your laughter, but increase your store of it. The more you love, the more you will be loved. The more you give, the more you will receive. Life proves that truth every hour, every day. And life continues to surprise.
To truly fail in life is to never try. When you fall on your face, it is an opportunity for you to find the road again. It may remind you how hard the road is, but you will never forget its presence once you make contact.
Sometimes we laugh to keep from crying, but the important thing is to laugh, every chance we get.
The only people for me are the ones who spill things, the ones who drop their cups sometimes, the ones who get dirty hands and messy hair, the ones who can go barefoot if they feel like it, the people who forget things, and can laugh at themselves every day...
Life is sometimes hard, and you have to laugh your way through it.
To be a first partaker is to understand the principles needed
INSECURITY breeds JEALOUSY / JEALOUSY creates ENVY / ENVY causes self-destruction / a hater is made up of all three. Just remember you are an opportunity away from being hated on yourself!
If you just can't get rid of envy, then start creating a life, so that if you saw yourself from afar, you'd be envious of you.
Learn to love your haters, they are a wonderful source of inspiration.
I was eight years old and scared, and had no idea what was going on
I was scared...and did not know what was coming for me next.
When the hatred stops will the love begin? When there is no more greed will there then be peace?
If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.
Life is too short not to start something stupid.
Live like a tree, giving, forgiving, and free.
Home is where the heart is. That's what they always say. But where does home begin,If you have lost your way. Do you turn to family or neighbors you don't know? You heart may wonder far and wide until you learn to grow. You go outside and look around to see what you can seeFrom little birds too big tall trees you realize beauty is free.
DeLois lived up the block on 142nd Street and never had her hair done, and all the neighbourhood women sucked their teeth as she walked by. Her crispy hair twinkled in the summer sun as her big proud stomach moved her on down the block while I watched, not caring whether or not she was a poem.
Once you truly understand that it is okay to lose or fail, you are free, you have nothing to fear, and only then, can nothing in this world hold you back.
I ignored your aura but it grabbed me by the hand, like the moon pulled the tide, and the tide pulled the sand.
The moon's weird though, right? It's there, and there, and then suddenly it's not. And it seems to be pretty far up. Is it watching us? If not, what is it watching instead? Is there something more interesting than us? Hey, watch us moon! We may not always be the best show in the universe, but we try.
Victor Vigny: A monkey glances up and sees a banana, and that's as far as he looks. A visionary looks up and sees the moon.Conor Broekhart: Which resembles a giant banana.
Mortals always want something more- they wish for money, but what they're really after is to be carefree. Power when what they really want is control. Beauty when they want love. Sometimes they know it, sometimes they don't
If you ask, you shall receive what you desire.
If you follow your heart, you will find harmony.
You can have your wishes but you must work.
The whole thing could have been uncomfortable if all your wishes were to be drowned in to the sea or passed through a heart of a lion that shed not the innocent blood.
An incompetent person in a responsible position may cause huge damage. Such a person should act less and think more.
What we think is more important in life, is just an excuse for not trying hard enough for what is right in front of us...
Solitude - the space between thinking from Cinderella In Focus.
What we hear and see through the filter of bias becomes our truth, while planting the seeds of conflict.
I just want to understand how people misunderstand each other!
I will follow anyone...And remind everyone...Of enslaved Yazidi women...Raped...And forced...To donate blood to ISIS men...
I WILL FOLLOW ANYONE... AND REMIND EVERYONE... OF THE FATE OF NEGLECTED YAZIDI CHILDREN
I WILL FOLLOW ANYONE... AND TELL EVERYONE... THAT THIS IS HAPPENING... IN THE CENTURY TWENTY-ONE
I WILL FOLLOW ANYONE... AND THANK EVERYONE... WHO TRIES... TO BRING SMILE BACK... TO THIS WOMAN
I WILL FOLLOW ANYONE... AND REMIND EVERYONE... OF THE RAPE OF THE YAZIDI WOMEN
I will follow anyone... and remind everyone... that their fear is genuine.
Never reject an idea because it will create conflict!
Under the pink Harlequin sunglasses strawberry dangling charms, and sugar-frosted eyeshadow she was really almost beautiful.
Sometimes she wore Levi's with white-suede fringe sewn down the legs and a feathered Indian headdress, sometimes old fifties' taffeta dresses covered with poetry written in glitter, or dresses made of kids' sheets printed with pink piglets or Disney characters.
My idea is always to avoid nostalgia.
The thing about trends is that they change over time, but who you are is forever
And sometimes," she added, in a slightly hushed tone, like she was letting me in on a secret, "if you don't feel great on the inside, just look great on the outside, and after a while you won't be able to tell the difference.
Perfect simplicity is unconsciously audacious.
Fashion is all about madness.
Fashion is not the latest trends. Because every trend is not for everyone.It is what suits you".
She was dressing for the life she wanted, not the one she had.
The best creates, the rest follows
Stressed, depressed, but well dressed.
Because rain will wash away everything, if you let it.
An optimist sees rainbows when there is rain.
I had gotten so used to the taste of rain that I forgot what the sun tasted like. Bittersweet.
The Moon did not consider that amongst the stars, there is no end. There is no fading away. There is no death in a place filled with forever, even though we all trick ourselves into thinking that this life we live now is the only life we will ever live.
This world and everything in it is only temporary; eternity is out there, we swim in it. And within our temporary bodies we carry inside of us eternity. There are but atoms separating us from the everlasting. Merely atoms.
You have to understand the purpose of life, the purpose of life is to do something which will live forever.
Eternity is not a super-abundance of time, but timelessness.
You can't truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are - what motivates them...?
Life is all about impact, become an influential millionaire by touching million lives.
We spend our lives striving to be persons of influence and consequence, when all that is required is to consistently do good to others.
In most cases, those who want power probably shouldn't have it, those who enjoy it probably do so for the wrong reasons, and those who want most to hold on to it don't understand that it's only temporary.
It is the duty of every father... to write fairy tales for his children.
It's the things you do that you don't have to do that always determine the difference when it is too late to do anything about it.
You see?" The Father whispered as the boy passed without meeting their eyes. "You shouldn't feel ashamed of your problem. Your life experiences oftentimes is the same as someone else's.
You can hold on to me for as long as you want. Let go of the pain, Sookie". - Eric, Club dead.
I love thee, I love but theeWith a love that shall not dieTill the sun grows cold,And the stars grow old
I think... sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we are imagining it. Because it's the most painful kind of hope there is. It can be ripped away so easily. By indifference. By death.
if this is a dream,then look in my eye's,am i asleep,no i'm alive,just can't believe that,this is my life,'cause every moment is just so wild
Here is our rapin' cave. It's not much of a cave... and we haven't done much rapin'... but man, we've had some good times.
I think that love is like candy.""I don't like candy either," I say. He smiles at me and shakes his head. "I think anyone who says they don't like candy just hasn't found the right flavor.
How many minutes will still die in the swamp of your illusion of being human?
Until you really loving, kind, caring, and compassionate, happiness will be an illusion to you.
My life is exactly what it's meant to be, and I'm okay. I'm. Okay. Those two words, yeah, they mean a lot to me. I'm not perfect, I'm not completely healed, but I'm okay. I'll take it.
I just want you, to be mine, forever. I want a piece of you no one else has ever had, and I want you to own my heart forever.
You've got to think about big things while you're doing small things, so that all the small things go in the right direction.
A person with the best strategy never gets angry.
If you aren't preparing for life like a war, you'll end up living like a prisoner of war.
He wins his battles by making no mistakes.Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory, for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated.
If you have dreams, we give them wings
Fear, doubt, and lack are things we must talk about to emerge as associations that thrive for years to come.
Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot System is for associations that are courageous and want to emerge from unconscious thoughts and become conscious about choice-associations that have a deep conviction to meet the visions and mission of their members in spite of changes in the business climate, globalism, technology, generational changes, and all that is yet to come.
Emotions must not be part of the decision process: decisions must be clinical and well calculated.
Artists of today can be inspired by the past, but they have to apply present methods if they want a future in music.
Reach - The art of relentlessly pursuing a divine assigned goal or objective beyond expectations.
There are things to be obtained by law and things to be obtained by claw
If there is one thing I know, it is this, rich people are remarkably unremarkable.
Love is a fearless soul.
The miracle of life is faith.
Stop being afraid of fear, let it be scared of you
Live your life today without any fear of unknown.Be strong and courageous to seek new path.
It was, however, time to accept fear for what it was, an emotion that was preventing them from being who they needed to be.
You're a princess. And princesses are never nervous. Princesses are brave and pretty and fearless.
Fear will do one thing and one thing only: hold you back
Talking to strangers is very panic fear, to be fearless and good communicator in long term try talking to strangers with courage like you already know them.
There shall be no more death, Because we have already seen all that, Its old and we are tired of it, And now we need something new, And this new thing is Eternal Life
I don't need every answer. Just the right answer.
I fear nothing when I am doing right,' said Jack.'Then,' said the lady in the red cap, 'you are one of those who slay giants.
You must not waste your one day here. When the sun shines, you let it shine on you. Snow is always waiting.
Never did an eye see the sun unless it had first become sun-like, and never can the soul have vision of the First Beauty unless itself be beautiful.
It is like the man who closes his eyes to the sun and then finds himself walking over the edge of a cliff. If the man is too foolish to use the gift of light given to him, how can the sun be blamed for his death?
When sun shines, it not only brightens our day; it enlightens us, our soul, cleansing it of the gloominess that the night's darkness had brought in.
Opinion is often compromised in the face of fear.
We're all broken," Mor said. "In our own ways - in places no one might see.
The most intriguing part about felony is that, in the end, no matter what, it falls right back on you. You cannot elude it. You cannot dupe it.
Live your life in a way, that there is more left after you than an Excel table.
Though time seems to expand or contract between idle and frantic moments, it passes the same in both: second by second. You can neither lose it or create it. Use it wisely.
Truth grows gradually in us, like a musician who plays a piece again and again until suddenly he hears it for the first time
The difference in the past and history is that the past is set in stone history is just an account from the guy with the strongest axe
Sacrifice is not an option, or an anachronism; it's a fact of life. We all cut off our own limbs to burn on some altar. The crucial thing is to choose an altar that is worth it and a limb you can accept losing.
If you dont' live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good.
Once you face the truth, the knowledge both empowers you and sets you free.
Free your mind, become who you are.. the mind is the biggest drug.. and everyone is addicted.
Someone, Someday, Everybody has to walk the road of change.
Sometimes simplicity brings you curiosity.
The more positive you are the more people want to be around you and the less positive you are...well, just reverse it!
All of us can lie but it is not a must that we should lie.
We may have different faces but no one is different from loving.What matters most is the shape of our that love
Wen I die, my money is not gonna come with me. My movies will live on for people to judge what I was as a person. I just want to stay curious and keep smiling like the joker
Thought of the night***True fact about humans with true and soft heart...that those who cry while watching someone totaly different in pain...or feel others pain...are the one...who cry least on their on pain...and be strong at their time of facing problems..stay strong...have true heart...gudnyt swtdrmz...:)thoughtofthenight.blogspot.in
Thought of the night***True fact about humans with true and soft heart...that those who cry while watching someone totaly different in pain...or feel others pain...are the one...who cry least on their on pain...and be strong at their time of facing problems..stay strong...have true heart...gudnyt swtdrmz...:) thoughtofthenight.blogspot
I have a special pair of poop shoes under my desk. Whenever I need to drop a deuce, I slip them on and scurry to the restroom, and no one ever knows it's me. Like, if I'm wearing Louboutins that day, and my producer sees Earth shoes in the stall....well, you get the idea. It was truly a lightbulb moment when that came to me.
In order to love, we must address our fears.
While the world piles fear on top of light, our job is to remember that light within. When we do, whatever seems to conceal it ceases to exist
Once you discovered that it is ok to love yourself there will be a world opening up to you. You will experience the magic of this world, you will see its beauty in spite of all the troubles and you will be happy.
Happiness is just a state of mind, you don't need any artificial or superficial matter to experience happiness. I believe that happiness is an instrument to cope and an instrument to change this world full of troubles. When you stop labelling happiness to a goal or an artificial or superficial matter you will be happy.
You need to experience fear in order to be capable of Universal love. If you can't acknowledge fear, you can't change it.
Once you become aware of knowledge and you are conscious of knowledge, there is no going back to the previous conscious state of mind.
I wonder are we the people really that high on these political agenda's these day's? Or are we merely pawns in the majestic Game of Thrones?
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Explore in the inside of you and discover your true potential. After your discovery, ameliorate on it and it will yield to an endless success.
You don't just read a book to find adventure. You read a book to find yourself.
Do something,get something. Do nothing,get nothing. Doing is the beginning of being. Being is the beginning of achieving. Achieving is the essence of living and living is the spices of life
And most importantly, the next time someone asks you "Who are you?" you must answer in this simple way, with sincerity and conviction: "I am an Earth Citizen
Sometimes our emotions rule us. How we handle the consequences . . . defines us.
Every problem has one immediate cause, many remote causes, long term and short term effects
The previously unloved may find it hard to believe that they are now loved; that is such a miracle, they feel; such a miracle.
Miracles only happen if you believe in miracles.
So many miracles have not yet happened.
Sometimes you know that you are destined to die, but somehow you are given a parenthesis after the punctuation mark: more years, more time that wasn't meant for you but still was meant for you, a bridge stretching out into the stars, a confidence built of invisible threads, a miracle.
The miracles of life are love, faith and hope.
Reach for something out of the ordinary. You must dare to even come close.
When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
Miracles happen quietly every day-in an operating room, on a stormy sea, in the sudden appearance of a roadside stranger. They are rarely tallied. No one keeps score.But now and then, a miracle is declared to the world.And when that happens, things change
Never lose hope because although miracles are rare, they are possible.
I continueto believe in miracles. But i know that miracles come to thosewho work very hard
It's not miracles that generate faith, but faith that generates miracles
Small miracles happen every day, some people just don't notice them.
Miracles don't just happen on their own you know, you got to make them happen.
Let them ridicule you, laugh at you, hurt you & ignore you but never let them stop you.
Sometimes, you can try all you want to change something, but no matter what you do, nothing will change. The key is to at least know that you tried to make a difference.
I know that my singing doesn't make the moon rise, nor does it make the stars shine. But without my song, the night would seem empty and incomplete. There is more to daybreak than light, just as there is more to nighttime than darkness.
Whatever happens to us is beneficial.
Faith is a firm hope.
It takes a lot of practices to get it right. The key is to keep practicing.
If we had given up too soon, we would have miss success.
Better collapse earlier than giving up later, but what best is never giving up.
You just have to remember that little person inside of you that wanted to take over the world; then, listen to them.
Never, never give up in life, no matter how tough a situation may seems.
And human will is the strongest force ever created. There are those born to succeed and those who are determined to succeed. The former fall into it, and the latter pursue it all costs. They won't be denied.Nothing daunts them.
Some choose to dream with a safety net. I dream with nothing to catch me, that way if I fall nothing can stop me from rising back up.
We are not less because we have less
Someday you will die. Because you are embodied through and through, at that point you will cease to exist. You will not meet death, because, as the sage says, "Where death is I am not; where I am death is not, so we never meet." When you die there will no longer be any self that is you. Use your self while you have it.
A lot of people with a lot of ill gotten wealth may think that they have high net worth, but will simply never be worthy of any trust or respect.
When you plant the seeds, wait patiently to see the ripen fruits.
You can NEVER be poor by giving and showing love to others.
You attain happiness not by gaining, but by giving.
Happiness comes from loving and giving
The more you give, the more you can give.
We are all we got in this world why not help each other.
Shame eats away at the core of who we are.
I am protective of the gentle slope of stomach bulging like an early pregnancy, at my waist. I've earned its existence with everything I've been forced to swallow.
Her only shame was that she felt none.
Only love can neutralize shame.
If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal!
Shame ain't black, like dirt, like I always thought it was. Shame be the color of a new white uniform your mother ironed all night to pay for, white without a smudge or a speck a work-dirt on it.
We all watch and are constantly being watched in the social media. And while we feel this gaze of others, we form our own identities, our own personas, having as a guiding principle the opinion, the values, the (gossiping) interests of others.
Through social media, missing persons are found; sick persons are given chances to live a healthy life. I say, that is the modern bayanihan movement.
Discuss netiquette.xyz internet rules to follow with friends and family. Use the site as a reference. Set boundaries. Share.
It's quite funny how a lot of people are ignorant of the good and bad aspects of the social media. Clean and reserved posts is ideal!
We don't have a choice on whether we do social media, the question is how well we do it?
I first saw you as you crossed the street. It was then that my heart began a brand new beat. As I continued to drive, I felt a deep inside yearn, I immediately looked for an opportunity to make a U-turn.
Our culture has become so obsessed with celebrity that it's easy to confuse fame with success. They are not the same thing.
Appearances can be misleading. You just never know what's inside someone until he's tested.
When you're as small as I am, people don't expect you to be much of an athlete. You either wilt under the weight of low expectations, or you rise above them.
This is our foxhole, and in foxholes, sometimes faith is all you've got.
Everyday US Marines make possible the impossible and then go about their business like it's just the way things are supposed to be.
Don't stop aspiring. Just learn to duck. . .
We all have our demons, it is not anyone else's duty to validate them.
When the demons start coming out- that's when you're nearing the light! It's hard for cockroaches to stay put without all the shadows. So in that case, keep on going!
Life is an ocean and waves are our paths.
The ocean is a Turing machine, the sand is its tape; the water reads the marks in the sand and sometimes erases them and sometimes carves new ones with tiny currents that are themselves a response to the marks.
If anyone can overcome a fear for the ocean, you can, little lady. Courage is being scared to death and saddlin' up anyway.
Faith is knowing there is an ocean because you have seen a brook.
Such a lot is won when even a single man gets to his feet and says No
What sells a book sells a book, same in traditional or self-publishing. You gotta shake your tail feathers.
That's the fashion. Fast as the speed of light, they say. Ha! It's got no soul, sir, no heart.
Everyone has hardship in their life. Everyone has pain.
The one who loses something is not a looser somewhere he/she is achieving more than that. You are the best just look at the mirror.
When your afraid of somethingyou hide behind a mask.It might be to protect yourself,But if you hide long enoughthen you forget who you really are.You must come out.
When you come to a fork in the road, be still, and see with your mind's eye. There you find the clarity you seek.
Everything must come to an end, you know!
Nothing that occurs in life is random or without purpose. Lessons were found within each event in our lives that, positive or negative, ultimately instilled a peaceful mind in us.
The soul is stronger than the ego. It lives to BE, and give. We are of one Light, illuminating ourselves and those whom we love.
To gain an overall understanding of oneself does not require looking outward - it requires the strength of looking inward.
Who you were is not who you are. Who you are, is what you will be.
It is just as important to give all of what you are, than all of what you have. Nevertheless, it is always reciprocated.
Some say pain is the greatest motivator. . . I say it's love.
A blank page and time ignite infinite possibilities in a mind unyielding to boundaries.
If life's big puzzle makes you feel broken and shattered, we hope that our book will help you look at the spaces between each piece. You'll find the answers here.
Consider roadblocks in your life as sharks in sea and than imagine what you will do if you are swimming in sea. Will you stop swimming on seeing sharks or double , quadruple your efforts to reach the shore ?
What makes a man move,From comforts left behind,Then put motion toAdventures of the mind.
I have drawn things since I was six. All that I made before the age of sixty-five is not worth counting. At seventy-three I began to understand the true construction of animals, plants, trees, birds, fishes, and insects. At ninety I will enter into the secret of things. At a hundred and ten, everything--every dot, every dash--will live
You can be all you want to be, even if the odds are against you. For it is in the darkest hours that the smallest light shines the brightest.
Time gives our lives numerous opportunities demarcated into moments that allow us to connect the dots while looking back.
Motion is life and life is motion, and a breakthrough is a catapult move that sets goals in motion.
A breakthrough moment is an existential event that is birthed when convictions are fully conceived and willed into existence by an adverse circumstance or through the pull implicit within a well-conceived vision.
The parent of every great and lasting decision is a thought. Therefore, contemplate deeply and thoroughly and then execute.
I am ready to burn up but not ready to rust down.
You got this. Make it happen.
Wisdom is the ability to use divine reaction to solve human problems.
If you're right at what you do  There is no need to prove anyone  That you are right
Guts and Guilt run side by side. We have guts. We try to break the barriers and drop the drawbacks. We do what we could. Why do we feel guilty if everything goes wrong? It's not that we didn't try, is it?
Authors don't have wings. We mustclimbthemountain, not try to flyto its top.
We have to become vast, only then we can succeed;but we confine our thinking ability most of the times
When you become confident of what you deserve , dont allow yourself to settle for less. The power lies in YOU because no one else can be YOU." DREAM , WORK AND ACHIEVE !!!
Failing is easy, but climbing up the mountain requires strategy, commitment, endurance, and the iron will to keep trying till you reach the summit.
Get out of bed. Go to classes. Try to be normal, and pretty soon all that grief you carry...it gets easier.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in day out Success is the not the thing we will find in a day.It takes continuous efforts and sacrifices to gain success in life. Your little efforts in a day create great differences in life.
Life is a game. To be a world changer choose to be the player and not the ball
You may start small but don't stay small
Destroy the one who thinks you can be destroyed. You're invincible. Nothing destroys you. Nothing.
If you're very passionate about your dream - chase it. It's attainable.
People that don't know me, they might think i'm no one, but I let no one to tell me who I am, but me.
A balloon seller sells his breath till death to spread happiness, while he can't taste any of it.
See yourself in a mirror, you are a human first than anything else.
All fear in me is because of my impatience to overcome my fear & love .@mirage @image @reflections
The less negative people you associate yourself with..the more positive your life becomes.
Nothing is too late. It is only too late when you've completely given up.
You can make your dreams come true only when you work hard and be willing to put your effort behind your dreams.
Never settle for anything less. .Always be comfortable in your own skin.
When you are in the presence of someone whose seed is in you, you've to cultivate that seed and make sure that seed depict you.
We live in a world where our dreams are blocked by those invisible fences we carry in our mind. The only way you can succeed is to get rid of those invisible fences that are holding you back from achieving your dreams.
If you want to reach the summit , you gotta take the hard path
Don't be afraid to let go of your past..it's only but a distraction to your present.
If your life means nothing to anyone, it does mean a lot to you and that's what is important.
Life can often be a competition and your greatest opponent is yourself.
The more you understand who you are the less chance your enemies have to bring you down
Still yourself to steel yourself.
You may be good, but who cannot be better?
By lighting another's candle you brighten your own.
The Marine Corps has just been called by the New York Times, 'The elite of this country.' I think it is the elite of the world.
A good reputation is sign of success".
Greatness is when you inspire others, motivate others and encourage others to live in harmony.
Do good and inspire others to do good
Motivation can be found no matter your situation, the key is to look for it. Stacey Fowler
Being afraid is not a sign of weakness. Being afraid is a sign of a will to live, it is an indication that we place value in our lives and those in it. The only defeat in fear is allowing your fear to defeat you.
Most employees are never made or allowed to understand the real meaning behind the work that they are doing. So, for how long can someone remain motivated about chasing something without knowing what he is chasing and why?
Motivation is internal. It has to come from within you. Do not seek it anywhere else.
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Opportunity never comes to you but you should take initiative to get the opportunity.
Opportunity never comes to you but you should create an opportunity.
Everyday there will be something new for you but it's depends how do you get it.
If you are struggling to get something then you should prepare your mind as you are almost reaching out there.
If you are thinking today is nothing to do for me then there is some laziness in your mind and you don't try to elaborate your thinking for future.
If someone hates you it means he/she is thinking about you but your positivity may be changed to love...Just revise your thoughts and encourage yourself.
If you're too afraid to make mistakes and blunders, then better stay at your 6 by 6 cell and follow the one who is ready to make.
You gotta do what you gotta do, regardless it breaks her or you.
There is a difference between obsessive perfectionism and taking time to create something that is the best you can offer. Knowing what needs to be better and stretching to improve yourself is what separates the mediocre from the marvelous.
You have to be strong enough to stand up for what you believe, even if you are standing alone.
After a tragic incident you never remain the same. You pick up the pieces and emerge as a stronger, better version of yourself.
We have to expect disappointments, trouble, losses and hurts as an inevitable part of life. It is vital to repeat to ourselves the most important and comforting words of all time: THIS, TOO, SHALL PASS AWAY!
Dare to think the unimaginable, imagine the unthinkable, dream of that which will never happen, yet continue to aspire and to test the limits of your very being and those around you.
Do one thing today to move yourself towards a big goal. Repeat tomorrow, and the next day. You'll be surprised at how fast you'll attain it!
If there is reluctantly obstruction in our life then don't be amused life is itself immense lesson therefore learn from lesson
All events which are happening around us depend on us. Depends on our feelings, our thinking, our views.. So let begin to do which you want to do. Your victory, your beauty, your peace, your happiness and freshness - everything is your; so why are waiting for changes to anywhere else? Change your mood and start collecting your wishes.
Sometimes hard times teach us more.. In Learning Phase!!
We have 99 reasons to say "NO" Only one reason we have to say "Yes"that is "YES"I'll do it.
Plus, if you think carefully, when you fall in love with someone not for her lookay, don't you think it's purer? It would last longer as physical aged but personality grows
I'll find my own way, when I was no longer able to survive. and when I knew that's where I can get up turning point
You get what you work for.
Everybody has a dream, to make that dream a reality, one must work hard.
There's actually nothing wrong with caring too much. But I guess you want to do that for the right people, right?
The 6 greatest detriments to our health, happiness, and ultimate success: Regret, Worry, Guilt, Blame, Gossip, & ResentmentRemoving just one can change your life.
There is an unequivocal question in every layer of a dawn's beautiful rise that asks: "What are you going to do with this one glorious day?
If you want to attain some heights in your life, you have to walk every minute.
I believe that you can create genuine fulfillment, make money, have freedom and make a difference for others.
Don't be so busy making a living that you forget to enjoy your Life. Today, make a commitment to Enjoy Life.-RVM
Aligning yourself with spiritual ideals that are bigger than you brings true emotional stability.
Today look in the mirror and say 10 positive things about yourself !! Regardless of what other people say about you, your OWN words have more power over the direction of your life than other peoples. Speak positive and know that you are somebody!
Success is often a series of small accomplishments that lead to great results.
I would rather live 10 years doing what I Love, than drag through Life 50 years, hating every day I Live.-RVM
Make TODAY so beautiful that your YESTERDAY is something you will smile about TOMORROW.-RVM
Look at the people around you. Some Inspire you, some Perspire you. Be with those that build Energy in you.-RVM
If you give your best and fail, you have no reason to be disappointed. If you don't give your best and fail, you have no right to be.
If you give your best and fail, you have no reason to be disappointed. If you don't give your best and fail, you have not right to be.
Living without meaning is not Life, it is Death. It is like being in the graveyard except that you still have breath.-RVM
We are so busy trying to make a better TOMORROW that we forget to make the best of TODAY.-RVM
I may lose @ times, but I have NEVER been nor will I ever be a quitter. Losing is not ever a reason for you to give up...it is a reason for you to LEARN, make you STRONGER & to FORCE you to keep that fire going inside of you. Not being a quitter is what will ALWAYS make you a WINNER!
I used to worry about my Fears, but I realized that most of the time nothing bad happened. So, I have stopped worrying.-RVM
I was lifted from the darkness I endured into the person I am today.
If you aspire to be a sparrow you will never be an eagle!
The highest mountain inspires me for I know... I can do all things through Christ Who strengthens me!
Every Journey has it's own set of dark tunnels,diversions , exits and sources of lights. If we are not focussed enough, we will keep wandering and wandering in the dark tunnels.
For he or she that harbours no fear has never truly loved anything. You can only measure true love by the thought and fear of its loss.
It's better to go out with a bang and a press release than with a whimper and a secret.
The minutes will Tick, the days will Pass, the Journey is Ours, Smile while it Lasts.
Feeble minds are tamed,great minds always conquer..
Scientists talk about dark matter, the invisible, mysterious substance that occupies the space between stars. Dark matter makes up 99.99 percent of the universe, and they don't know what it is. Well I know. It's apathy.
we create ourselves as we go along
Fuck this. Let's just blow some shit up.
The truth may set you free. It won't fill your fuel tank.
Some see the glass as half full, others see it as half empty, and then there are those who see it as a glass of water.Open your eyes and your mind to see beyond the obvious." ~
Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born! - RVM.
Be thankful that you are on your feet, for there are people who can't even walk down the street. - RVM.
I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn't Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life? - RVM.
My Personality and Attitude is Much Attractive Than your Outer Look !
Cycling, like masturbation, is fun and easy to do - sometimes all day long.
I said to you this day, that my life will move in a different way, to a successful place, were I will stay"!
You'll never know your strength if you avoid your challenges
You have to look at your life, as a person who must walk with the many, but develop yourselve to be one on the few 
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit at home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
People look for greatness only in the extraordinary and completely overlook the wonder of the ordinary.
For under scrutiny you will find that even an open book can have a surprise scribbled in its margins.
If someone wanted to have a grudge against me, or didn't agree with my lifestyle, the way I breathed, the space I took up on this planet, they had an open door to 'report' to the powers that be.
You may forsake a person, a family, some location of the heart, but scars and memories cannot be discarded like used clothing.
When the present feels as endless as an impossibly long hallway between airport terminals, white and sterile and numb, we're particularly receptive to signs.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words: 'wait' and 'hope'".
Never give up but never forget to grow up.
We seldom question the purpose of life when our world is sunny and bright. This question tends to hide itself during pleasant sailing, only rearing its face during the deepest and darkest travails, when the gales of storm weather have fallen.
My flaws and imperfections make me perfectly incomplete.
Is this not the reason I write, to leave a piece of me behind?
Your men will not take the hill if you're simply yelling commands from the safety of the rear.
I may like easy choices, but I appreciate the difficult ones more.
What will undo any boundary is the awareness that it is our vision, and not what we are viewing, that is limited.
....But i couldn't. Was nowhere near ready for a committed relationship, and it wouldn't be fair. I needed time - to become the right man for a woman like you.
The worst illness is to live life that others want you to live and best medicine to this illness is "Awareness of Death
Don't allow him/her to have supremacy over you. People like them come and go, so never concede on finding the ideal soul-mate.
Life is like a game, once your piece is on the board there is no leaving until you have finished. It does not matter how you finished just that you pass the line...
If you really want things to change, you have to get involved. Little strokes fell big oaks, you know.
It's the hardest thing in the world to put yourself in someone else's place, try to really feel what they feel, figure out why they do the things they do. Especially when it's easier to stick a label on something. Or someone.
What I can do, I will do. What I can't do, I will surrender to the one that can.
But it is hazardous and, I believe, counterproductive to become frozen in time by an obsession with past wrongs and errors.
I'm here to tell you that if you get broken, it's possible to put yourself back together. I'm here to tell you that if you get lost, it's possible that a light will come, dancing, on the horizon, to lead you home.
Without struggle there is no progress.
Self-preservation isn't worth it if you can't live with the self you're preserving.
Try never to abandon hope for if you do, hope will surely try to abandon you.
When you have spent long years in the dark, there is joy in seeing the light and pleasure, above all, in the ordinary.
Compulsive behavior occurs when the urge to act out is greater than our will to say no. Recovery then, is the process of reversing that equation.
When the sum of our faith and humility is sufficient, it reaches a type of spiritual critical mass and hope is fostered and grows. A willing heart emerges which generates the ability for us to submit to the process of recovery.
The winds of tribulation blow out some men's candles of commitment.(Maxwell) Our job in recovery is to protect our candle from those winds.
Don't kill!...The fly is asking youTo save his lifeBy rubbing his hands together
If I can't be remembered as one of the greatest authors, why not be remembered as the sexiest writer...
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Life is brighter on the lighter side.
Coffee is not my thing, and RedBull is my wing.
Learn from the past, live in the present and create your future.
Fun is never gone because life is fun.
The thing I've never understood about dancing till now is that it only looks stupid when you're on the outside, watching other people do it. When you're part of the crowd, moving along with everyone else, I can't imagine anything else being quite as much fun.
I think... the most brilliant thing about being a writer is that if you don't like the way the world is, you can create your own.
LB Living Better... the only mistake is not to begin.
Don't fucking quote me!
...it is more civilized to make fun of life than to bewail it.
To be strong, and beautiful, and go round making music all the time. Yes, she could do that, and with a very earnest prayer Polly asked for the strength of an upright soul, the beauty of a tender heart, the power to make her life a sweet and stirring song, helpful while it lasted, remembered when it died.
I do not understand when a person is more concerned with the appearance of their house than the state of their home.
I like to make you worry. It lets me know you care
I am in love with you, and I am not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things.
This person was so much more special and wonderful inside than he knew. He had always belonged in the light with me, no matter how lost in the dark he felt.
Happiness is the gap between loving and longing.
Mother Earth, one of my absolute favorite places......where the sounds, the energy, the beauty and the Life pounds into your every fiber of being, letting you Know that you are alive. I will always respect and honor this gift of creation that we call our home.
Have an appreciating eye to enjoy the beauty of sky.
The sky is always beautiful. Even when it's dark or rainy or cloudy, it's still beautiful to look at. It's my favorite thing because I know if I ever get lost or lonely or scared, I just have to look up and it'll be there no matter what...and I know it'll always be beautiful.
Feel the pain. Feel the pleasure. As long as I'm living, I will enjoy every experience that I can. Happiness, glee, passion, peace, fear, pain, I want to feel it all, good or bad. I want to live, not in monotony, in utter craziness. I'm living not dying.
I don't judge a person by the place he or she is. I'm more interested in where that person is going, and the steps they are taking to get there.
I don't consider those competitions fair where judges get to decide the winner, because selected judges quite often are not worthy or qualified enough to make the right decision.
If you are a winner by the judgements of few judges and not by your performance, you are not a real winner.
The day is ours, and what the day has shown.
education without inspiration is only a recipe for desperation
If a man spreads his secret with his own tongue and blames another... then he is a fool. If his own breast is too narrow to conceal his own secret, then the breast of the one in whom he places it is even narrower.
A photograph is a biography of a moment.
Nature is a picture waiting to be taken.
It is not enough for the Jew to rest content with his own spiritual ascent, the elevation of his soul in closeness to G-d, he must strive to draw spirituality down into the world and into every part of it - the world of his work and his social life - until not only do they not distract him from his pursuit of G-d, but they become a full part of it.
Collect moments rather than things. Moments get away.
Am I in the picture? Am I getting in or out of it? I could be a ghost, an animal or a dead body, not just this girl standing on the corner.?
In life, we have no control over the storms that we encounter. It's normal to feel devastated and sad, but to continue being sad is already our choice.
I realized that just because I can't, doesn't mean I shouldn't.
Talking is not easy. Talking intends to convey what you mean. Lying is easy, not talking. When one lies, one doesnot care, and that's the easy part.
the difference between secret andlie is similar to the difference of iceand water.when you heat ice it becomes water.and when you force anyone toreveal there secrets it comes in aform of lie.
Once in a while, life gives you a chance to measure your worth. Sometimes you're called upon to make a split-second decision to do the right thing, defining which way your life will go. These are the decisions that make you who you are.
People who go to work every day, make sacrifices to raise families, and get through life without hurting other people if they can help it-those are the real heros.
But everything had changed, and I was becoming more and more of who I really was, and less of this person I had thought I wanted to be.
A hero cannot be a hero unless in a heroic world.
The world is not fair. That's why it needs heroes. Play fair. Be a hero.
We can't let the next generation grow up without heroes. Some of us have to fight on!
Every man alive is half idiot & half hero. Only heroes could survive in this maelstrom & only idiots would want to.
I die without seeing the dawn brighten over my native land. You who have it to see, welcome it ... and forget not those who have fallen during the night!
Rarely has a new player on the game captured so much attention so fast.
Bruce Wayne/Batman: A hero can be anyone, even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat on a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
He loved her when she was angry. And he was convinced it was because she was her most honest in those moments. ~Ruin
A hero lives forever for the ones who carry on.
Heroes may die but they doesn't get tired.
Heroes are higher than their vulnerability that is why they are heroes.
As a general man I tried watching movies, playing sports, going to picnics and other entertainments but I still got bored, then I tried heroism and now I am hero, and I never get bored.
For happiness don't pursue satisfaction, but pursue heroism.
Finishing work makes you a man, finishing difficult work makes you a hero.
One courageous act can make you a hero but frequent courageous acts will keep you a hero.
You have worked too long in the life, now its time for heroism.
My friends wanted their names in the list of employees of some company, well I wanted my name in the list of the heroes of the world.
Only you can find yourself by losing yourself again and again in the deep darkness of your driving desires.
Your driving desires will determine what you become.
It is never late, pursuit your ambitions.
We're all stuck between the realm of our desires, their possibilities and the realities of life.
Awaken to the opportunities available for you today. It's not too late to be, do, and have, whatever you so desire. It's only late if you don't begin today, the time is now. Go, make it happen!
Dare to dream again.For dreaming is the language of your soul,And nothing your soul truly desires could ever be wrong or impossible.
We look before and after, And pine for what is not:Our sincerest laughterWith some pain is fraught;Our sweetest songs are those that tell Of saddest thought.Yet if we could scornHate, and pride, and fear;If we were things bornNot to shed a tear,I know not how thy joy we everShould come near.
I'll prove the prettier fellow of the two and wear my dagger with the braver grace
When I look back on all these worries, I remember the story of the old man who said on his deathbed that he had had a lot of trouble in his life, most of which had never happened
Worry is the interest you pay on a debt you may not owe.
Worry is a habit that shatters our peace of mind and needlessly drains our energy, a form of mental masturbation without any benefits.
One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.
Its not workload that kills you, its worry that kills you.
Dont worry today about yesterday because tomorrow still has enough trouble.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known. 
But luck withered by conservative, tired, riskless living can be plumped up again--after all, it was only a bit thirsty for something to do.
Don't wait for things to happen by luck, cause its an uncertain thing anyway.
Luck works only when you work. Even when it comes to lottery, only those who make the effort to go to a lottery store and buy one, stand a chance to win a lottery".
Luck always favors those who are bold.
Luck is what happens, when preparation meets opportunity
One makes one's own luck, but you have to give the universe the opportunity to help you.
Keeping baggage from the past will leave no room for happiness in the future.
Kill the part of you that believes it can't survive without someone else.
Your mission: May you continue to shine no matter the storms you have been through.
Just as physical wounds heal at different rates in different people, so do emotional wounds. Everyone has different needs and speeds.
When bad strikes, most likely you will not get an answer when you ask, Why? Your strength must come from having faith that someday the answer will come and then it will all make sense.
There are things better left unknown.matters better left untoldand things better left unsettled.
So nobody got time for people who aren't worth your time.
In order to fly you have to create space in the open air so that your wings can really spread out. It's like a parachute. They only work from a high altitude. To fly you have to begin taking risks. If you don't want to, maybe the best thing is just to give up, and keep walking forever.
They say that a part of you dies when a special Loved One passes away...I disagree...I say a part of you lives with your Loved One on the other side.
Bullies are weak!Bullies are cowards!Bullies are full of hot air!Time to let go of the balloons and let the bullies, Fly Away!
What we become shouldn't be dictated by the mud and the dung and the dust and the fire and the ice and the dirt and the spit that hit us in the face, but what we become must be a choice made every day in the heart; and they who threw all of that at us to try and defile us- they will look up at us and see us no less beautiful. And even more beautiful.
When your head is held high, society pry.
The world looks too small when you believe in your eyes
The real youis much too big to be your own.
Answers don't actually matter that much, it's what you chose to believe
You will never know how it feels unless you were the one facing the situation.
It's not love on which the strongest foundations are built. It's the decency of merciful lies.
Say what is true, although it may be bitter and displeasing to people
People were meant to be loved,Things were meant to be used, the world is in trouble for many use people,and love things. Let get it right folks.
And there is an earlier Wilson cycle, too, a billion years old, entrapped alongside the Appalachians: the Grenville, which rises to the surface in Central Park, New York, to remind us that the human and urban is no more than foam on the sea of the past.
Every being in this world makes an impact on at least one person they encounter during their lifetime. You can change the course of someone's life by just a kind word, a hateful one, or even by simply choosing not to say anything at all. Every choice you make has the potential to create a ripple effect, trickling into and affecting the lives of others.
To a great mind, nothing is little.
Life cannot impose on you that which you aren't willing to accept. Don't let your emotions/feelings push you towards accepting less than you truly deserve. Believe in yourself, be confident and stay focused. The best lies before and within you...it is all a matter of your choice. Choose wisely!
You can be a dreamer as long as you dont forget there's a reality and you are currently living it.
While aloofness might fascinate others and makes them respect you, it will never allow for intimacy and profound relationships.
As long as we encourage a culture of victim hood, said Monty, with the rhythmic smoothness of self-quotation, we will continue to raise victims. And so the cycle of underachievement continues.
A lot of the world seems to repeat itself
It's always amazing how when we're sure we've lost something for good, it winds up finding us.
To change yourself, let go of what you are and accept what you want to be.
If I want to be anything, I want to be a messenger of peace.
If you want something,but you can't have it for now. Hold it, wait for the time and somehow, someday you'll get a chance that if you really want it you could have it.
You should never be satisfied with a little if you are capable of using and enjoying more.
Risk all to find the right path.
Take the risk! You find the right road!
[But] you can't find love if you're not willing to lose it. You can't find happiness if you're not willing to risk being sad. And you can't find the love of your life without risking breaking your heart.....drive in.
For the first time, I understand that, as much as one might desire change, one has to be willing to take a risk, to free-fall, to fail, and that you've got to let go of the past.
To take risk and fail is not a failure. Real failure is to fear taking any risk
There's no reward without work, no victory without effort, no battle won without risk.
Knowledge is power is time is money. Meaning that if I shared knowledge, it would tantamount to sharing power or money.
When feels that someone puts you aside, sometimes thinks in an act of selfishnessbut always its really to have afraid of something worst.
Oh, mankind, race of crocodiles! How well I recognize you down there, and how worthy you are of yourselves!
Just because it isn't perfect, doesn't mean it isn't awesome.
A person who appreciates someone doing something good is also a good person.
The most influential people you will ever meet were once held together by the encouragement of others.
Recognize and appreciate little things, and enjoy what Life has to offer
It's important to appreciate the impact ofknowledge in our lives, and that of our parentsin getting us educated. However in today'sworld, if someone have not been to school, thatmeans he must have been educated.
True happiness that stands the taste of time comes by recognizing and appreciating what we do possess.
BlessBacks: Souvenirs for those who express their gratitude to their illuminators.
True peace is when you can be happy in the midst of chaos.
The nature of life is mess, chaotic, exquisitely beautiful, excruciatingly painful, immensely joy-filled, and unpredictable.
What is discipline? Discipline means creating an order within you. As you are, you are a chaos.
Liberty? Independence? Are they to remain only words? Gentlemen, let us make them fighting words!
We are not killing, we are saving.......a billion dreams.
Even if you succeed in study and business, if your nation collapses, then what good is it for?
If you're ashamed to stand by your colours, you better seek for another flag.
The need is necessary.
The need is what is necessary.
In times of need, you will know the souls who love you.
Love those wrongdoers, they need it more than you.
Let my love show you the way and give you guidance in the moment of need.
We have many needs in life,but the one thing we really need is to be needed by the one we need the most.
New birth, new blessings.
Everyday has its unique blessings.
Send silent blessings to those that oppose you, so they may also find peace within themselves-and the strength and perseverance to embark on their life path.
When you focus on the positive, the blessings and the humor and just do your thing and you stop worrying SO much about what every one else is thinking and doing and STOP taking life way too seriously... Awesomeness happens!
Your true self is enough. There is no need to be better than everyone else around you to be happy. True happiness comes when you are in harmony with yourself and no longer feel the need to one-up other people. Make healthy decisions, pursue your passions, and live your truth, do it all for you.
Can there be any question that the human is the least harmonious beast in the forest and the creature most toxic to the nest?
Find the portals to harmony and moments of balance on what you love to do and what you choose not to do.
You have it on your noise, but you still need a glass to see it... We need others to admit our faults.
If you are being swept into some current that is not comfortable, or not in harmony with your desire, you must remember that couldn't happen if you weren't offering a vibration that matched it in some way. If you're vibrating differently from that, you're not having that experience.
You don't have to protect yourself from anything! In fact, an attitude of protection will surely bring you to the vibration of the thing from which you're protecting yourself. Because you can't look at something and say, "Oh no, I'm saying a prayer to protect myself from you," Without achieving vibrational harmony with "you", whatever you are.
Coexistence and personal peace are at the heart of global peace and harmony.
Harmony is about bringing things into balance and knowing how to go from sunrise to sunset. Mother Nature teaches this to us, in so many ways, each and every day.
There is much more joy in being a survivor than been a quitter.
To some life is a complaint, to some it is a competition and to some it is a conquest.
Train the mind, body and spirit, so you may achieve anything. Life is about sharing your dreams/purpose (gifts/passions/talents) with the world and helping others find their way.
Surfing and Life hold parallels.
Do life soaring
What is difficult in training will become easy in a battle
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Peace is possible for dead bodies, living bodies can not expect peace on the way to the victory.
The sweetest victory is that won when everyone counted you out because they believe you can not make it.
Some days are about preparation, but some are pure inspiration.
My life changes all the time, but books don't change. My reading of them changes-- I can bring new things to them each time. But the words are familiar words. The world is a place you've been before, and it welcomes you back.
None of us are meant to be or do anything. We decide what we're going to be.
The longest road to finding yourself is the one that begins at home, and ends at your home.
From now until eternity meets its end, you will walk by faith and not by sight...
There are worst things in life than kissing boys.
The beauty of standing up for your rights is others will see you standing and stand up as well.
She's always scorned his squeamishness, citing the replacement of his vagina with a dick. Joon thinks that's invasion of a far more nail-biting nature. She has no idea. It was fucking heaven. He'd do it again a million times over. And it's one hell of a long way from chopping open your head for the sake of more tech.
I love you all.Not just the you that you show yourself as,but the you that is true.The you that is you.The you that is nothing else other than itself.
All should be accepted, not excluded from the world. Men who hate others shed hate upon themselves. All should have trust, not broken faith.
Throughout life the world may box you up and put you down.But no matter what.Everything you feel is valid and true.Everything you are is real and beautiful.Never let anyone deny you of that.
When I was a boy, I used to wake up thinking that the world was ending.
But there was a fire waiting. And there was a little meal laid out on a blanket. And there was a whole world beyond that shoreline, beyond the forest, beyond the knuckle mountains, beyond, beyond, beyond, not beneath the surface at all, but beyond and waiting.
Complex things are easy to do. Simplicity's the real challenge.
The Master, by residing in the Tao,sets an example for all beings.Because he doesn't display himself,people can see his light.Because he has nothing to prove,people can trust his words.Because he doesn't know who he is,people recognize themselves in him.Because he has no goal in mind,everything he does succeeds.
Try to keep it simple.
The world becomes so much larger the smaller you live.
Simplicity, not cleverness, can be the source of happiness.
We are not what we own; we are what we do, what we think and who we love.
Beauty is not in complexity but it's in simplicity.
Everyday we have a high calling that we need to fulfill and everyday we can do it whether it's just to smile at somebody we little know.
Simplicity is the key to beauty. Clarity is the key to perfection.
The book was turned to the page with Anne Frank's name, but what got me about it was the fact that right beneath her name there were four Aron Franks. FOUR. Four Aron Franks without museums, without historical markers, without anyone to mourn them. I silently resolved to remember and pray for the four Aron Franks as long as I was around.
Without prayer, life is a panic.
If we pray, we will be purified.
We shall prevail in any problem, if we pray
Sometimes one is guided by what they say of themselves, and very frequently by what other people say of them, without giving oneself time to deliberate and judge.
Prejudice is a belief born from a shortcut to thinking
We are really so prejudiced by our educations, that, as the ancients deified their heroes, we deify their madmen.
And the worst part is before it gets any better we're heading for a cliff. And in the free fall I will realize I'm better off when I hit the bottom
Sure, cried the tenant men, but it's our land. We measured it and broke it up. We were born on it, and we got killed on it, died on it. Even if it's no good, it's still ours. That's what makes it ours-being born on it, working it, dying on it.
The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity - it's envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud .
If I Could Read The Last Page of My Life....
The choice you make between hating and forgiving can be the story of your life
So many people die with their dreams in their hands.
We are faced with the fact, my friends, that tomorrow is today. Procrastination is still the thief of time. Over the bleached bones and jumbled residues of numerous civilizations are written the pathetic words 'Too Late'.
Let the revolution begin.
. Without a sense of identity, there can be no real struggle.
If women lose the right to say where and how they birth their children, then they will have lost something that's as dear to life as breathing.
We believe that to govern perfectly it is necessary to avoid governing too much.
The problem is, we have too many cowardly, spineless, selfish people that would sacrifice their children's future just to avoid the sacrifice love requires of them in the present. And they expect their children to respect them for that? Do they think we're idiots just because we're young?
The greatest threat to our Constitution is our own ignorance of it.
A bright man of conviction and action is a beacon to his country,but a flash light to the scurrying of inaction, ego, and insecurity of lesser men.
The time is always right to do the right thing.
Even on the saddest nightin times of servitudethere is always someone who resiststhere is always someone who says no.
My hope is that, factual or fabricated, every line in Tsarina leads to a single truth: that when you forget that those you disagree with are people, not just your faceless opposition, you don't end up proving who is right and who is wrong. You end up with a body count.
The main thing is to make history, not to write it
Liberty's too precious a thing to be buried in books. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say: I'm free to think and to speak. My ancestors couldn't, I can, and my children will. Boys ought to grow up remembering that.
How can you ask someone to live in the world and not have something to say about injustice?
some smart alecs of those days after World War I used to say: "The French fought for liberty, the British fought to control the seas, but the Americans fought for souvenirs.
While some people are enraged over opposing facts as an attack on their belief system and integrity, I take them as an ADDITION to mine!12/13/14
Not every smile is genuine some are just the bared fangs of wolves about to eat you - rjs
No really I'm pretty sure voting mattered a scant 15 years ago but now it's just a way to see how many old people live in your neighborhood.
A free state is a corporate state.
The first step in solving a problem is recognizing there is one
Freedom... Freedom does not exist with personal responsibility!
A mother was thinking of how to keep her naughty child in line she tried using the boogey man it didn't work ... she thought and thought then said "the Politician is going to get you" and he was never naughty again
Society is full of varieties, is this possible to make all of them sensitive? Then there will be no politics.
Steadiness of faith, was, in the long run, as illuminating and essential as sophistication of thought.
Poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.
A great mind is just a great mind, and try not to worry too much about what package it's in.
There should be no boundary to human endeavor.
The shortest path is not always the fastest.
The shortest path is no always the fastest.
We are like some particle in motion always moving and meeting other particle.
(On the energy radiated by the Sun)It's four hundred million million million million watts. That is a million times the power consumption of the United States every year, radiated in one second, and we worked that out by using some water, a thermometer, a tin, and an umbrella. And that's why I love physics.
I only thoughtOf lying quiet there where I was thrownLike sea-weed on the rocks, and suffer herTo prick me to a pattern with her pin,Fibre from fibre, delicate leaf from leaf,And dry out from my drowned anatomyThe last sea-salt left in me.
A faint smile played on his lips. "Obedience does not come naturally to you, does it""No...sir""I must take some blame for that, I suppose. The sea does not like to be restrained.
Paradise is a suffering word, grossly overused and ineptly devalued in everyday hype and blurb. Yet, tired as it is, it will have to do. Nothing else conveys that sense of place that can inspire a blissful contentment.
(Remember you always have the option of taking to the sea.)
In the beginning was the sea, and the sea was the world
Great achievers see failure as a stepping stone to success.
Work with whatever tool you may have at your disposal, and you shall find better tool as you go ahead.
So many businesses today have wind-up because of fear of failing.
Always see things through till the end, miracles happen right before your about to give up!!
I am of the opinion that a tantric lifestyle can not only build successful individuals, but it has the potential to shape successful yet harmonious communities and even business enterprises.
If you want success and wealth, then stop spending too much time on cyber world.
Intention has little power, if any - it's what you DO that has the power to change your life and the world around you.
Alas! Alas!When in the skies there are no limitsonly the forceful perseverance of the mind stripping through cloudsand creating the ever so beautiful shades of abundant success.
A reawakening to a new world.Tendered with immense prospectsConcealed in the unknown
For if you look closelyAt the so called idols of the worldThey have something in common.They were ignorantThey ignored the noiseThey created their own path.
Feeling like a winner.There is no need for a race after all.I just mastered how to walkDifferently this time.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
The First and Worst sin couples commit against one another is not adultery but Negligence because it's Negligence that breeds adultery..watch it couples , do not hold back in giving that care and attention.
Dreams begin when you stop to pick up the penny - you realize the continual effort you must endure to have something worth obtaining.
no matter how u run away, no matter how can u pretend, no matter how scared u are there is gona be the sense u have missed something, fallen heart feeling u mixed with in the moments u should live, u will get used to that feeling, believe me when i tell u, this is crazy, some day ur life will be sou r just warming up
1My father says a hunch is your brain's way of taking a short cut to the truth,' replied Max.'He's a wise man, your father. What else does he say?''That the more you try to hide from the truth, the quicker it finds you.
Possibility of enjoying life makes death feel terrible.
When she quieted the jet engine buzz of worries assaulting her brain, when she stopped thinking altogether and just felt, she knew this was right. Feeling the silence of peace and conviction was so foreign to her she wasn't even sure what to do with it.
Those who do not appreciate the value of time are celebrity failures. Success is time management.
Deep in my heart I know I am a loner. I have tried to blend in with the world and be sociable, but the more people I meet the more disappointed I am, so I've learned to enjoy myself, my family and a few good friends.
Those times when someone you thought was your friend talks about you behind your back really hurt. Even if you act like you don't care, deep inside, you care.
You will never be lonely if you love yourself enough
Be kind to humanity, she is very lonely, everyone is busy with themselves.
the deficiency of the negro race is not as a result of the deluge number of bad leaders;rather, its is an outcome of the shortage of young negro intellect ready to lead a revolutionary africa.
Some people talk of Africa being a continent cursed not blessed with minerals, but the real curse is the leaders and politicians of Africa
No one leads an army to war, unless they have first served in battle
when I look at people fighting with ammunition and weapons of all kind I ponder within me;somehow as a cynic. Ammunition's and weapons are good for war; Yes,they are better necessities to winning battle but the best choice of weapons are neither ammunition nor the strength of a battalion of army but wisdom; a pen on a paper backed by a great mind
We need teachers. We need to be teachers. Knowing when for each, is wisdom
Every breath you take is a step forward toward death. (Hazrat Ali-As)
Be more weary of the fearful than of the brave.
When you have nothing to lose, you have everything to gain...
Everything that happens in our life expands us and makes us more than we were before, including our ability to be happy and joyful.
The sky is not the limit, it's the starting point.
Don't be anxious of circumstances, gain X-factor to face it.
Nothing lasts forever, so live life large. Do all the things you've been putting off, avoid the drama, laugh it off! Make sure your loved ones know it and make every moment count.
Always follow your passion to be successful.
A genuine teacher does not seek to impress you with their greatness, but instead to impress upon you that you possess the skills to discover your own.
don't leave without living
It is not important how successful you are, the only thing that matters is how good a person you are...
Snow is snow.
Winter is not a season, it's a celebration.
Mythology is not a lie, mythology is poetry, it is metaphorical. It has been well said that mythology is the penultimate truth--penultimate because the ultimate cannot be put into words. It is beyond words. Beyond images, beyond that bounding rim of the Buddhist Wheel of Becoming. Mythology pitches the mind beyond that rim, to what can be known but not told.
Oh, never and forever aren't for mortals, love. But we won't be parted till I know it's right that we part.
In marriage you are not sacrificing yourself to the other person. You are sacrificing yourself to the relationship.
Life will always be sorrowful. We can't change it, but we can change our attitude toward it.
One great thing about growing old is that nothing is going to lead to anything. Everything is of the moment.
Awe is what moves us forward.
In marriage you are not sacrificing yourself to the other person. You are sacrificing yourself to the relationship.You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.Life will always be sorrowful. We can't change it, but we can change our attitude toward it.Awe is what moves us forward.
Divine love is limitless and the source of miracles.
I believe all women know in their heart of hearts that they truly are divine and magical, even if they've temporarily forgotten.
Independent will is our capacity to act. It gives us the power to transcend our paradigms, to swim upstream, to rewrite our scripts, to act based on principle rather than reacting based on emotion or circumstance.
You can succeed at almost anything for which you have unbridled enthusiasm.
Looking to energize your teams during your next team building training in USA? Check out the motivational speech of Lance Allred who will inspire your Team. For more information you can visit us at - lanceallred41.com
(Answers to life) - You don't have to have it all figured out by a certain age or time in your life. It will come in bits and pieces along the way.
It's not about what you accomplish - it's about what you take away from your experiences and how you handle them.
Information is the most valuable commodity on the surface of the earth.
Do we follow the road life's placed before us? Or do we dare step up and forge an exceptional path. A path fraught with struggle and sacrifice, Yet one whose outcome places us in destiny's arms.
It is not the size of a person in the fight, but the size of the fight in a person is what determines victory.
Leadership reveals itself in the big moments, but is forged in the small. It is the exponential and compounding product of our many incremental behaviors and actions; all of which arise out of our choices in values, beliefs & emotions. Choices all. Not a one is thrust upon us.
The temptation of the age is to look good without being good.
The party in Alobar's head, which agitation and anxiety were throwing, now was crashed by a notion: existence can be rearranged.
It was very bad if the council had resorted to recruiting men. By tradition men were our last line of defence, their physical strength bent towards the single and most important task of protecting our homes and children. This meant the council had decided that our only defence was to defeat the enemy, period. Anything else meant the end of Darre.
Everyone who's born has come from the sea. Your mother's womb is just a sea in small. And birds come of seas on eggs. Horses lie in the sea before they're born. The placenta is the sea. Your blood is the sea continued in your veins. We are the ocean - walking on the land.
There's only one thing a bully respected: bigger bully.
Simply by living in this particular time and space, you're doing something nearly 100% of all other humans ever never could. Don't waste it.
The human heart: its expansions and contractions its electrics and hydraulics the warm tides that move and fill it. For years Art had studied it from a safe distance from many perspectives...he listened in fascination and revulsion, in envy and pity. He dispensed canned wisdom, a little scripture. He sent them on their way with a prayer.
It's better to lose something than never to have had
I'm avoiding tomorrow, by spending more time in today.
You either WIN or you LEARN. Either way, you WIN!
The fact is, nothing great or enduring, especially in music, has ever sprung full-fledged and unprecedented from the brain of any master; the best that he gives to the world he gathers from the hearts of the people, and runs it through the alembic of his genius.
Perfectionism is a delusion that can rob one of a very successful, enriching life if not careful.
He said, You know, whoever hurt youdies every time they look in the mirror.That is how they pay."She crossed her arms."And one day, Maria, you will die too,but there's no reason for you to dieevery day.
Exactly what good are our eyes if they are not willing to see what's right before us?
We are forever changed by the moments that we live but the moments we live cannot be changed.
Re-examine all that you have been told, dismiss that which insults your soul.
Anytime a group of people assemble for a common cause, amazing things can happen.
Poetry is an awareness of the world, a particular way of relating to reality.
Because thoughts are energy, energy is matter, and matter never disappears...
It's tempting to ask why if you fed your neighbors during the time of the earthquake and fire, you didn't do so before or after.
The glories of our blood and stateAre shadows, not substantial things;There is no armor against Fate.Death lays his icy hand on kings...
It's like a lion at the door;And when the door begins to crack,It's like a stick across you back;And when your back begins to smart,It's like a penknife in your heart;And when your heart begins to bleed,You're dead, and dead, and dead, indeed.
We can fly!We can become butterflies!There's nothing at the topand it doesn't matter!As he heard his ownmessage he realized howhe had misread the instinctto get high.To get to the top hemust fly, not climb.
Once you are a butterfly,you can really love - thekind of love that makes anew life. It's better than allthe hugging caterpillars cando.
Stripe felt frozen. To be so high and not high at all!It only looked good from the bottom.
At such a time it seems natural and good to me to ask myself these questions. What do I believe in? What must I fight for and what must I fight against?
The humans were protecting their heritage, or so they thought. Strange that Mud Men seem more concerned about the past than the present.
The real strength of therose bush is not in the flowers but in the roots and the branches.
How to stop time: kiss.How to travel in time: read.How to escape time: music.How to feel time: write.How to release time: breathe.
Good things make choosing difficult.Bad things leave no choice
You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.
Little did he know, back then, that the worth of one's faith depended not on how solid and strong it was, but on how many times one would lose it and still be able to get it back.
a life without dreams, is like a bird without wings
So easy to say and takes all nerve to do ...I can't resist. I know I will fall for you again and again and will choose you even the whole world will go against...P.S here I am talking about my self-respect.
Touch a day you will never see.
How to partner with the power of the cosmos to fulfill your destiny
How to tune your sixth sense and use it to improve your life
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined
Stop calling it a dream, its time to call it a plan, never relent kick-starting that plan, it will surely yield greatness
Jihadis! Please go to your imaginary heaven - out there, nowhere. Us, the infidel lot, have helluva lot to do after you leave. Out here.
Be yourself around a world of clones.
The Universe is a feast. Get back to the table.
Now that I have made peace with the imperfections, I no longer look around for happiness. I found the eternal happiness that has always been there, somewhere within me!
What is hateful to yourself, do not do to your fellow man. That is the whole Torah; the rest is just commentary. Go and study it.
Last chance to success is right before your last breath, when you sign away your will. Have patience to declare it as 'the last chance
Bliss is our birthright! We are born for bliss. That is the inspiration behind Living In Bliss.
Now is the time to change your tomorrow.
Anytime you "know" something to be true, even when outward circumstances or facts seem to be telling you otherwise, you have experienced your intuition. Remember that feeling. It will be your touchstone in the future.
If I want to do it,I dream it.
Decide what you want. Declare it to the world. See yourself winning. And remember that if you are persistent as well as patient, you can get whatever you seek.
A gust of wind set the leaves of grass to dancing and celebrated the grass's song before it died.
You stand for what is right, without the expectation of gratitude or reward.
I am afraid of emotions," Mack admitted."Emotions are the colors of the soul; they are spectacular and incredible. When you don't feel, the world becomes dull and colorless.
When people call you by names you don't want to hear, adorn yourself with those 'names'. They take you to places, which those people will not be able to even pronounce.
If you can't hold your drink, don't
High living can lead to low feelings
He was part of us and when he died, all the actions stopped dead and there was no one to do them just the way he did.
We didn't raise any of you to walk a path other than your own.The Far West (Frontier Magic Book 3).
I may be wrong, but I doubt it.
What you focus upon, is what exists in your reality.
Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, body thoroughly used up, totally worn out, screaming, WOO HOO What a Ride!
If we cannot be defending our borders in person, we be a person the forces are proud to protect.
You have to let people go. Everyone who's in your life are meant to be in your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay till the end.
At the end of everyday , you stand closer to your Goal.
Sometimes it's just a matter of letting go and getting on with life.
You are ultimately responsible for your life and no one else.
My car broke down. Instead of AAA, I called AA by mistake. They could only move my car twelve steps.
Without passion, all the skill in world won't lift you above your craft
Knowledge and understanding are the true paths to power and unlimited wisdom.
Never be afraid of a positive spirit who wishes you well open your door seal and leave the other mind clean and replace negative thoughts with positive thoughts
Appreciate me now and avoid the rush.
A timber fit for pillarsshould not be misused for chopsticks
If it is true that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, isn't it also true a society is only as healthy as its sickest citizen and only as wealthy as its most deprived?
Try to be an influencer rather just being an Entrepreneur.
Be positive at every moment of life. See the good things in every situation and learn from them
Get busy achieving all the things in life you want to achieve, because one day you'll be fine and the next ...
Get busy achieving all the things in life you want to achieve, because one day you'll be fine and the next ....
people around me, problem around me, depression around me, thieves around me this is not literature or poetry ! this is my insolvency ! you can solve them try try try until they die !
Even in that 'now' moment at which you feel you reach some form of "enlightenment", it will still be a 'moment'. There will still be more life afterward, and changes will still occur.
I would rather attempt to do something I want to do regardless of how impossible it may seem than do something I don't want to do regardless of how easy it is to achieve
Regardless of where you are and where you think you should be, you is where you is. Accept that fact. And at the same time, become aware of and accept another universal fact: the only constant is change. You are always exactly where you need to be...
Do not fight for your rights on streets. Do it elegantly within you!
Dream your dream. Follow your heart. Imagine. Listen to the wind. Drink sunsets. Be free. Let the wonder never cease. Believe. Wish on EVERY star. Create adventure. Be kind.
If you don't want someone to change your life for you, you've got to change it yourself. (Vanishing Acts, pg. 339)
If you don't want somwone to change your life for you, you've got to change it yourself. (Vanishing Acts, pg. 339)
Will Power is The Key AndDriver of Your Life Journey
Life is a gift. We don't earn it. We don't own it. Learn to be thankful for the time that you have.
No matter what happens in this lifetime, we are never alone.
Stable MIND is the healthiest...
Take the Path to your own Wellness!
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence.
For dealing with blessings which come to us from outside we need a firm foundation based on reason and education; without this foundation, people keep on seeking these blessings and heaping them up but can never satisfy the insatiable appetites of their souls.
Just because something is legal doesn't always make it right.
Wouldn't it be nice to say to people we meet, "I know something good about you," and then treat them that way? (author unknown)
You've been halfway living your life for too long. May was saying that when it's time to die, go ahead and die, and when it's time to live, live. Don't sort-of-maybe live, but live like you're going all out, like you're not afraid.
She was finally beginning to understand that her fixation on being a size ten had been another excuse to spend her life in preparation, instead of living it and taking risks and maybe getting hurt in the process.
Sing your bliss, and the blissful will congregate.
To die fulfilled is to have discovered self and purpose and to achieve all that comes in these two packages
Today is About Life - it's the only day you are sure of - live it to it's fullest as you don't know if there is a tomorrow." - 2013
Every single act of love, hate, or lapse of judgment may be the defining moment in a person's life.
This existential vacuum manifests itself mainly in a state of boredom.
Tell them what you do, and if they want to know more, they'll ask.
Sweetheart the doctor gave you the okay, and your friends will be there. It's okay to live your life. You can't be afraid at every turn.
If you want to know someone's character, give him power.
I knew I should be doing some serious thinking, but I had no idea how to go about it. And, to tell the truth, thinking was the last thing I wanted to do. The time would come soon enough when I had no choice in the matter, and when that time came I would take a good long time to think things over. Not now, though. Not now.
I have a motto that if something isn't blatantly impossible, then there must be a way of doing it.
A second chance is a direct pathway to a grateful heart and an astonished mind.
The only thing in life that matters is the moment, not the past, not the future, just what you do can with the moment you have. Think of how many moments you have wasted, thinking and not doing, contemplating and not doing, sulking and not doing. Do something with your moment!
Sometimes no quotation works
If you're always a giver, give yourself a break. Take time for yourself; your well-being is at stake. If you're always a receiver, try a turn at giving. Experience for yourself one of the joys of living.
Bliss happens when we release all resistance to the moment.
It is not easy being you just when you think you made it and its done and over with something comes up and your back to square one all over again wishing with all your heart that it was not so that you weren't back in the darkness you escaped. don't worry you just started and it is not easy but in the end it'll be worth every tear.
Jay replied to the bird, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, my little bird. I'm sorry for leaving you alone. I'm sorry for hiding you away. Only now do I realize how much I've missed you.
Make a real not alibis
Never stop learning, and always be ready to teach yourself things you don't know. The only things you will remember are things you care about.
You can encounter the great life within you when you recover the zero point. What you encounter that great life, all limits created by the thoughts and emotions vanish and infinite creativity springs forth.
Embrace truth and peace as you breathe the joyful heights of inner fulfilling serenity.
Being like them doesn't help them. Being like them just encourages them to continue being the way they are.
The death of someone we know always reminds us that we are still alive - perhaps for some purpose which we ought to re-examine.
At some point we must stop editing everyone else' story and start writing our own.
Every stage of life must be well-lived.There are sacred moments to treasure in each stage.
Bloom with hope! Breathe in with hope in your soul. Thrive on with endurance in your heart. Move on with a productive mind. Listen carefully to the soft message of whispering hope.
It is important to realize that you are fundamentally made up of Life Particles, as is everyone else. Please realize that you, like everyone you meet, possess a MindScreen. Making use of this powerful asset will help you cultivate a healthier, happier and more peaceful life, and it will help you do the same for others.
if you loose some thing , you gained the experience ..
Speak up, Stand up, Take risks and Savor.
life is unfair,if you are weak,tour out
life is unfair,if you are weak,your out
The greatest treasure is the act of being alive.
Only those who doubt pursue certainty; those who dissimulate certainness, only nurture illusion.
Nobody's perfect cause we're just human making mistakes in ourlives and we need to be contented with that.
I may never fly-in the bird sort of way. But I do have wings.
Judging others shackles them to the cold iron of our limited notions.
As far as I can tell, it's just about letting the universe know what you want and then working toward it while letting go of how it comes to pass.
We will not be stupid girls. We will not be powerless girls. We will not be useless girls
In the end, all disguises must drop.
Feed the truth. Starve the lie.
What is the purpose of living? If not to make life less difficult for other people.
Focus only on what you love. Don't think about what you don't want - think about what you do want. Anything else is just a waste of energy.
Unlike my father and millions of Chinese, everyone in America-every man, woman and child, whether rich or poor- has the freedom to choose, freedom to shape his or her own destiny. Don't you agree that you can better manage your own life than other people can?
Ships are safe at Harbor, but that's what they aren't meant for.
Once you cross the threshold of 30 plus years of marriage you soon realize that what use to be two is now merging into one.
To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, draw closer, to find each other, and to feel. That is the purpose of life.
It's that clear...there's no obstacle before determination. It sees it as an opportunity to shine
Stop the world, I wanna get on!
Live no one else today, so you can live like no else tomorrow
Know yourself who you are, Know your inner potentials, motivations and purposes, Know what blocks you.
Older age has taught one crucial lesson about life. It has taught me that regardless of where I've been I still have much to see and despite every fall I still haven't experienced it all.
I'm different. I will give you my treasure chest of darkness first. If you can handle that, then I'll bring out my shining moons. If one cannot handle the darkness, then one should not deserve the light. I have no interest in "trapping" anyone into a silken web. I have no silken web.
My mind s a center of divine operations
Those who have nothing give everything and those who have everything give nothing.
In the same way that the best lies have an element of truth, maybe evil is made all the more powerful when it is accompanied by the startling presence of grace.
I'd spent so many years doing things I didn't really want to do for people I didn't really like.
Gaining knowledge without wisdom is like reaching heaven and never entering the gates.
It is far more difficult to ask the right question than it is to find the correct answer.
dont wait for the perfect moment just take the moment and make it perfect
People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite... Man's goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished.
We do not know the future, but we are creating it now. How we align the vision we have for a livable place with intelligent actions is what the future of mankind will be. It is all we can do to perfect ourselves. Nature will determine the rest.
We need to sharpen our focus & live to the point just like a pencil.
Freedom of inner thought bears sanctuary mind.Imagination's sight will never bare you blind~
The woman seems ready to be pleased with the world.
For us, there's no other option than to hold to the tenets of our faith
Suffer of life face and fight!There is no such true happiness, when there is no such bitter passed in lives.Past experienced, is the best teacher,giving us lesson,that will lead us to success.
it doesn't matter what others think or say it just matters what you do
Once you witness an injustice, you are no longer an observer but a participant. ~ June Callwood.
When you argue for your limitations, Nature's very kind it gives them to you. Just like when you desire to go beyond, Nature conspires to open ways for you.
Friendship make me feel this world is loving place to stay and have known the pain of missing this wonderful gift.
Wherever the art of Medicine is loved, there is also a love of Humanity. 
Cannabis is just way too healthy for a sick health care system
In this work against sickness, we begin not with genetic or cellular interactions, but with human ones. They are what make medicine so complex and fascinating.
A doctor's mission should not be to prevent death, but more importantly it should be to improve the quality of life.
I should never have been happy in any profession that did not call forth the highest intellectual strain, and yet keep me in good warm contact with my neighbors. There is nothing like the medical profession for that: one can have the exclusive scientific life that touches the distance and befriend the old fogie in the parish too.
When you cure a blind person, he or she is not a statistic.
My top priority is for people to understand that they have the power to change things themselves.
Many of my friends think I read books all day and alphabetize the shelves. Well, sometimes I do alphabetize shelves. But more often than not, my job title could be "friend". Or just simply "caring ear." Public librarians are often part information seekers, part social workers.
I only had access to him when we were together in the library, and I loved them both -the library and my father- equally and without question.
On less lucid evenings, every library is a haunted cemetery.
Library-denigrators, pay heed: suggesting that the Internet is a viable substitute for libraries is like saying porn could replace your wife.
What use is the internet if not for spreading pixels of happiness?
But what he didn't understand was that this dreamland was preferable,walking through this life half-sleeping,everything at arm's length or farther away. I understood those mermaids.I didn't care if they sang to me.All I wanted was to block out all the human voices as they called me name again and again,pulling me upward into light,to drown.
Some say you have only one shot in life, well if you get ammo, you can reload.
GUIL (quietly): Where we went wrong was getting on a boat. We can move, of course, change direction, rattle about, but our movement is contained within a larger one that carries us along as inexorably as the wind and current.
Persistence is the key to solving most mysteries.
Patient is a persistent act.
Persistence is what keeps you hanging on when hanging on gets tough.
I have never seen a heavyweight champion apologize for a knockout
Persistence is a necessary ingredient for success.
No fine work can be done without concentration and self-sacrifice and toil and doubt.
Either you make things happen or you quit.
Inspiration comes when you stick your elbows on the table, your bottom on the chair and you start sweating. Choose a theme, an idea, and squeeze your brain until it hurts. That's called inspiration.
I will not be defined by the marks left on me by the world, but by the mark I leave on the world (referring to the facial scars he still carries from his successful 1991 battle against cancer, which caused him to be turned down for a customer service job because he was "too ugly").
The customer always comes first.
Quality products and personalized attention secures retail customers.
Going out of the way for a customer increases sales.
Customer complaints need to be addressed effectively.
Do not tend to hire only people who see what you see. Such a tendency may lead to a decline in operating profit, and even bankruptcy.
A measured response trumps a triggered reaction every time. Breathe first.
To foster a solution mindset, tell employees that you are not interested in who or what caused the problem. You are only interested in hearing how we plan to go beyond the problem.
Every artist gets asked the question, Where do you get your ideas? The honest artist answers, I steal them.
I think that what most artists are trying to do is trying to understand. I think what distinguishes creative people and/or artists from another type of person is perhaps a willingness to go headlong into that uncertainty.
The terrible things that happen to us, Tessa said slowly. What wedo with them...I think that's what makes us artists.
I wonder if only artists can feel peace like this-such a gentle, inconspicuous peace that an ordinary person might not even notice.
We do it because we care. We care that Vincent Van Gogh mutilated his ear. We care that behind a pile of manure in the yard he destroyed his life. We care that Scott Joplin's music lives! We care because we know this: the life we save is our own.
Don't care about day to day things, don't care about the mundane, but care about what matters.
Every tomorrow is better because you opened your eyes, but still, memories from your past are meant to be shared and cherished
Caring for someone that doesn't care for you doesn't get you any where, take all the love and care you have for them and give it to someone that actually cares about you, but until you find that person... invest it in yourself.
By loving you more, you love the person you are caring for more. 
I guess its because we all want to believe that what we do is very important, that people hang on to our very word, that they care what we think. The truth is, you should consider yourself lucky if you even occasionally get to make someone-anyone-feel a little better.
sometimes you care and love people but they didn't realize it. they realize it, when you stop caring or loving them but then, everything is meaningless
You can go as far as you dream, think and imagine.
We get so wrapped up in what we should do, what we think we can't do because of our problems, what material goods we need, what kind of person we wish we were.but we never ask our soul what it wants, at the core of everything.
When deciding whether or not to go for your dream, remember that you don't need a bigger net, you just need bigger wings.
You must dream big and dream often. Take risks and see what happens.
Their disbelief doesn't make your dream any less true. You're a dreamer. And will be. Forever.
First learn to dream big, then the possibilities will follow by itself.
In one moment, we are now forever,in one moment...
Don't be afraid to excuse yourself. Recharge for as long as you need. Lean up against a tree and take a break from the other bears. I'll be there too, but I promise not to bother you.
I am bewildering you a little. Just enough to help you forget what you came to believe, so that you can remember what you've always known.
We" (your spirit guides and angels) believe in what-we-feel, you believe in how-you-feel.
What we can imagine we can make real
Everything you need is already inside.
I'm the best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be.
Run and become.Become and run.Run to succeed in the outer world.Become to proceed in the inner world.
I haven't celebrated coming in No. 2 too many times.
It's because you absolutely love the sport.
We old athletes carry the disfigurements and markings of contests remembered only by us and no one else. Nothing is more lost than a forgotten game.
In sport the mind serves as the acolyte and apprentice of the body. Nothing interferes with the flow of the game more than the athlete who obsesses about his every move on the court. You move, you react, you recover, you drive, and the thinking is seamless and invisible in the secret codes of your game.
No man who really is a man ever cared for the easy task. There is no enjoyment in the game that is easily won. It is that in which you have to strain every muscle and sinew to achieve victory that provides real joy.
It's the Olympics. If you can't get up to swim early in the morning, don't go.
If you can't support us when we lose or draw, don't support us when we win
Sports can unite worlds, tear down walls and transcend race, the past, and all probability. Unlike life, sport matters.
When we're down and the momentum is stacked against us. Those are the moments when we find out what we're made of. When we learn to trust and lean on each other.
It's nice to be pushed, when you're being pushed in the right direction.
Art reaches its greatest peak when devoid of self-conciousness. Freedom discovers man the moment he loses concern over what impression he is making or about to make.
The more you practice the better you'll be, the harder you train the great in you they'll see.
Racing is an escape from society. From symbols of status, and self-perception. A chance to just be. For everyone to just be, with each other.
As I run I tell myself to think of a river. And clouds. But essentially I'm not thinking of a thing. All I do is keep on running in my own cozy, homemade void, my own nostalgic silence. And this is a pretty wonderful thing. No matter what anybody else says.
Basketball is not just a game its a way of living if you apply it to everyday life.
The idea here is simple, if you can dream it, it is possible.
I have to race because racing is a part of me. But I had to learn to race from a place of joy. Not pain. Not sorrow. Not anger. Not to fix things I can't control. But for a connection with other people. With the wilderness. With myself.
My favorite passage from the book: "Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking of what we want to become. Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking about who we don't ever want to be again. Everything we do is part of who we are. How we choose to use those memories, to motivate or to submit is entirely up to us.
I've been let in on a dirty little secret: winning changes nothing. Now that I've won a slam, I know something that very few people on earth are permitted to know. A win doesn't feel as good as a loss feels bad, and the good feeling doesn't last as long as the bad. Not even close.
Train hard while others don't, so you can win while your opponents wont.
The burn is my girlfriend, failure is my ex. I'm married to the track and engaged to success.
Nobody will outwork, out-train or out-will me !
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
Is it or is it not a matter of importance that a young man starts out in life with an ability to shut his jaw hard and say "I will," or "I will not," and mean it?
Inside her head or out in the desert was the same, and the air inside her throat was very dry to keep from crying and her neck sore from forcing herself not to look down, not to look back.
Do you think you could stop crying for a minute? It makes conversation a bit difficult.
Inasmuch as you cannot predict if and when you will be disappointed, once it happens you have only two choices: You can either let it consume you, until you become bitter and resentful. Or, you can accept what has happened, learn from it and move on. It really is that simple. What we tend to do is over analyze.
I know that in life there will be sickness, devastation, disappointments, heartache - it's a given. What's not a given is the way you choose to get through it all. If you look hard enough, you can always find the bright side.
Carry your wings of hope so high in the sky that there is no room left for disappointments.
Have you questioned reality today?
How do you even start a book you know is going to be your last?
Life was messy, filled with countless worries, questions-what ifs. The real question was not how a person conquered the what ifs, but how one learned to live in spite of them-even when faced with the reality that the answers weren't always pretty.
Just like life, it was over much too soon. And just like life, there weren't any answers. But like that one-in-an-eight-million great New York moment, I didn't need one. (Dark City Lights)
The right questions help you discover the right answers. Be careful what questions you are asking yourself.
It's not the quality of the answers that changes our lives, it's the quality of the question
What's the difference between hot and cold cereal? Why can't all cereals get along?
Who's to say? Life is not, as we are taught, a matter of seeking answers, but rather learning which are the questions we should ask.
A faint smile played on his lips. "Obedience does not come naturally to you, does it?""No...sir""I must take some blame for that, I suppose. The sea does not like to be restrained.
Money is the most important thing in the world, you know. Money can buy you happiness, and I don't care what anyone else thinks.
Day, the champion of the people, the one who can't bear to see those around him suffer on his behalf, who would gladly give his life for those he loves.
Every day is a chance to start over. Any day can be bad, surely, but any day can be good, can be great, and that promise, that potential, is a beautiful thing indeed.
Even the littlest things were now a challenge, one I didn't understand.
While appearing weak is okay, giving in to weakness is definitely not.
Sadness doesn't equal weakness, sweetheart. If anything, it shows the love you have inside of you, and nothing stronger in this world exists.
I'm looking to make a miracle
His words made me aware that the heart in my chest is a muscle like any other. It can hurt.
Love is a risk. It always is. None of us is guaranteed a long life. But love takes courage.
Mending a broken heart isn't easy. It's messy and complicated, but when it's finished, it's stronger than ever.
Listening is two part, attention and thinking. The latter is what a lot of us don't do
Where the rivers meetyou tell me of your black dreams.Your memories make me uneasy.But I listen because I knowmy listening, like all other listeningallows you to heal.
The first time I met you, I fell in love with you there and then, but you didn't notice me. Then you stood me up. And then I met you again and I hated you. Well, I tried to hated you, but then when you cleaned up after Welly... I fell in love with you all over again.
Stress is nothing but the fear of change.
When we don't fear change, stress disappears. When we accept change, fear disappears.
If you have a million things to do, adding item number 1,000,001 is not such a big deal. When, on the other hand, you have nothing to do, getting out of bed and washing yourself before 2:00 P.M. feels like too much work to even contemplate.
It is our reaction that creates stress and this we can change"This book will start you on a journey that will give you the ability to handleany difficult customer with ease. In order to feel no stress we all have to go through many instances of being stressed, so we can learn one step at a time to be free of it.
A good lover is a person who knows how to love deeply but never expects any in return.
Sometimes life decides that we must also take care of ourselves in other ways and love, the way we perceive it, must reflect only upon us.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
Sometimes you might miss that person, sometimes you'll feel like running back to them... sometimes you'll suffer from unbearable pain but sometimes you have to forget what you feel. And simply remember what you deserve, smile and move on!
Full emergency power to the engines. Ram the Blade ship.
Hold summer in your hand, pour summer in a glass, a tiny glass of course, the smallest tingling sip, for children; change the season in your veins by raising glass to lip and tilting summer in.
Our first stage of existence is truly honored by the magnificent view of our destination.
The greatness of our destination will be lost without the memory of our beginning.
You gotta stand up and walk, Gem, he said quietly, turning his back on them. You have to walk out of here. Not just for them, but for yourself. Come on. You have to walk out of here on your own two feet.So I did.
You gotta stand up and walk, Gem, he said quietly, turning his back on them. You have to walk out of here. Not just for them, but for yourself. Come on. You have to walk out of here on your own two feet. So I did.
Because: Love Never Dies, What is Within is More Important than What is Without, The Best is Not Always the Most Obvious and Once You've Loved Truly, Thor, then You Know the Way
Real Love Spread Real Happiness!
When you seek, you lead in discovery.
The vision is not to see things just as we have imagined them to be. The vision is the freedom to live deliberately every day and that is a simply a choice.
Trusting the vision without forcing the way is a lesson worth learning in every port.
It's impossible to hit a target that you can't see. You must visualize your goal, set a plan and work your plan. Don't make excuses. .. Just make time.
A rich person is just a poor person with a crown and elaborate clothing, and a poor person is just a rich person with a crownless head and ragged clothing.
A rich person who has no love in his heart is poorer than a poor person who has no money in his pocket.
No matter how different we are on the outside, the love we have within us is the same.
We don't need inspiration to do something, we just need interest.
Boredom is your soul's way of telling you to step up and do what you were born to.
The true principle to promotion and advancement is generosity.The giving of oneself. your time, talent and substance. Today, I choose to be a giver.
Life is not just about surviving, it's about finding fulfillment.
Finding your bliss can make survival seem like a joyous journey. And a strange thing happens along the way when you love what you are doing: you become good at it.
Don't waste any of your precious time or energy on negativity. There's no time for that nonsense.
Always remember that the most important things in this life are not things. Stay safe, stay strong and stay together.
Too many of us spend too much time worrying about how long we are going to live rather than focusing on how we live. People cannot live forever, but memories can. Remember that with every breath and your life will change.
Every moment counts.
All you have control ove is this moment. Chase it.
Let the moment be memorable.
All you have control over is this moment. Chase it.
My lifetime is my existence in a sacred moment.
Explore fully the sacred-moment.
Every moment is important, like the moment that takes away your life.
When we realize every moment is sacred, we understand that every footstep is sacred, too.
Sometimes we have to go wrong to go right - Acheron
Questioning is important for breakthrough innovation that in future companies will have a CXO level Position that leads all the interesting innovation - CQO Chief Questioning Officer.
One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn't fall apart.
Sometimes broken people teach broken people how to be whole again.
We are both broken people but our pieces fit together.
This pool is a triumph of imagination. That's how you win at life, Gin. You have to imagine your way through. Never say something can't be done. There's always a solution, even if it's weird.
...that this monster, who is only one in form, has a heart so humane that he should not be persecuted for a deformity which he refrains from rendering more hideous by his actions...
No one gave us life, we're the products of an explosion.
Finally, the horizon stretched out infinitely before me and I felt utterly content looking at stars from afar and trying to make out all the variable, temporary, extinguished or faded stars. I was nothing in this infinity, but I could finally breathe.
Wade straight through life, right through the cesspool, while keeping eyes and heart open.
Remember: if you see something, say nothing, and drink to forget.
It's nice to have a station pet. Wish it wasn't trapped in a hovering prison in the men's bathroom, but listen: no pet is perfect. It becomes perfect when you learn to accept it for what it is.
Thinking is easy, acting difficult, and to put one's thoughts into actions the most difficult thing in the world.
Life is short, Love is Endless. Live and love life to the full!
He didn't know that sometimes, the most awesome and complicated thing you can do is just stick around.
Remember this: we all swim in the river of hope and risk, unless someone breaks the dam, and chaos reigns.Excerpt From: Joison, Peter. Ellring. iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.
I'm a survivor - a living example of what people can go through and survive.
You are this, which does not satisfy, so you want to be that. If there were an understanding of this, would that come into being? Because you do not understand this, you create that, hoping through that to understand or to escape from this.
Be your own solace
Do you know what she did? Your cunting daughter?
Once I heard Dantly tell Welton that the Native Americans used to call that particular part of the morning between the wolf and the dog because the sky is so deep blue and spooky or whatever that you can't tell what's what. Is that a wolf on that hill or a dog? A man or a monkey? A saint or the devil?
There is no fact or fiction, only imagined truths.
Do you dislike your role in the story, your place in the shadow? What complaints do you have that the hobbits could not have heaved at Tolkien? You have been born into a narrative, you have been given freedom. Act, and act well until you reach your final scene.
There was a man with tongue of woodWho essayed to sing,And in truth it was lamentable.But there was one who heardThe clip-clapper of this tongue of woodAnd knew what the manWished to sing,And with that the singer was content.
It is not enough to be happy, one must be content.
Perhaps it's because I appreciate all I have so much that I don't worry about what I haven't got.
It is very often the ordinary things that go unnoticed that end up making a difference. As you embark upon your high school careers, be unnoticed, but be remarkable.
That's what it means to be a man. You do what you think is right, regardless of who it hurts, and whether it works out, because in the end you have to live with yourself.
Perhaps friendship doesn't divert sound judgment.
What in the world could this family have done to deserve a fate such as this?
It's okay to be happy.
I love you when you're happy. I love you when you're sad. I love you if you're angry,And I love you if you're bad. No matter how you feel, I love you all the time.Oh my sweet, dear baby, I love you all the time.
The most crucial truths are always rejected before they're accepted. " he says gazing out of space."It's one of our greatest human flaws: arrogance. We look up and dare to assume we know, when the universe is unknowable.
When you feel over confident, check if it is your arrogance speaking to you?
I learned that things are never as complicated as we imagine them to be. It is only our arrogance which seeks to find complicated answers to simple problems.
We both have a lot of growing-up to do... A lot of the world to see & figure out on our own." -- Leo
When you're young, you can excuse many things, hoping they will strengthen with time.
There's a difference between immaturity and not being ready, and there's a certain maturity in admitting that you're not ready.
It's time for you to break away from the person that is breaking you
To see the true beauty of a person, see through the mirror of your love.
No matter who you are, big or small, female or man, brave or not brave, you can still be empowered and feel strong.
The act of shopping for what he needed, and of setting up the bare necessities for himself, had lulled Strike back into the familiar soldierly state of doing what needed to be done, without question or complaint.
All is good. Don't worry, the pain will help you. You'll get into some trouble, but it will work out in the end.
Those words make a mockery of our battle. Our fight showed me the power of the human will and the possibilities held by the future
Some say they stand on the shoulders of giants. True. But have they ever tried walking like one?
Tamaki: Having the courage to be able to admit what you love... enjoying what you love... and being true to yourself... Isn't that also what it means to be strong?
We've talked, and alot has been said ,but no words were uttered at all
The secret of a successful life isn't the success but happiness.
Secretly we fear ourselves, not the fear itself.
The secret of life is love, but the purpose of life is happiness.
Being against evil doesn't make you good. Tonight I was against it and then I was evil myself. I could feel it coming just like a tide... I just want to destroy them. But when you start taking pleasure in it you are awfully close to the thing you're fighting.
I love you as I do all - not at all.
May you fear no evil. ...And may evil fear you.
Some people would say- you're only a drop, your word-breaking is only a drop, it wouldn't matter. But all the evil in the world's made up of little drops. It's silly talking about the unimportance of the little drops. The little drops and the ocean are the same thing.
When faced with pain and evil, we have to make a choice.We can choose to be taken by the evil.Or we can try to embrace the good.
Goodness will always win over evil, no matter how much the evil attempts to break you. More than that, you are never truly in darkness. Sometimes, all you need to do is turn on the light.
Good and evil has no passport; it speaks in different tongues, wears many skins, and exists everywhere, even in the same person
There is more goodness than evil in the world, but you know, you still got to work at it.
Humble yourself, and you will find that Love is spreading a carpet of flowers beneath your feet.
Real love ought to be more like a tree and less like a flower
Where flowers bloom so does hope.
In the garden of my heartFlowers of loves were bloomingNot just to express the beauty But to spread the fragrance Of happiness.
When tended the right way, beauty multiplies.
She would also be creating her own bridal bouquet. She wanted to feel the fragility and softness of each petal. And to make the single flowers stronger than they'd been separately. Just as she was stronger now, together with people who loved and accepted her.
The past you lost is just like a dream. As you woke up new lifestarts. So, your actual birthday will be your death day.
Precarious, life is. A flying leap. A sweep of hand. A star flung across the night. A lucky catch in this whirling juggling circus act.From Steam Drills, Treadmills, and Shooting Stars
The medicine is in the eye of the beholder and right now you be-holding a big ass glass of it. So, shut up and drink your whiskey.
Keeping demons from this world is your mandate, a mandate from heaven. And a mandate from heaven isn't something you can just ignore.
To all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion. Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but some day someone will and hopefully sooner than we might think right now.
I'd been rejected, but I was still in love, so I decided to start over.
I tended to do anything as long as it felt like an adventure, and to stop when it felt like work. Which meant that life did not feel like work.
Having inner peace means committing to letting go of self-criticism and self-doubt.
To surrender is not giving up the struggle, but finding peace within the struggle.
The issue, then, is not, What is the best way to teach? but, What is mathematics really all about?... Controversies about.teaching cannot be resolved without confronting problems about the nature of mathematics.
Once you bid farewell to discipline you say goodbye to success
Although this may be a most difficult thing, if one will do it, it can be done. There is nothing that one should suppose cannot be done.
Throughout your life advance daily, becoming more skillful than yesterday, more skillful than today. This is never-ending.
One should every day think over and make an effort to implant in his mind the saying, "At that time is right now." It is said that it is strange indeed that anyone is able to pass through life by one means or another in negligence.
Discipline has enemies, and one of them is you.
I'd tell men and women in their midtwenties not to settle for a job or a profession or even a career. Seek a calling. Even if you don't know what that means, seek it. If you're following your calling, the fatigue will be easier to bear, the disappointments will be fuel, the highs will be like nothing you've ever felt.
If you put your best foot forward and if you overcome your fears, you will surely be able to attain the heights of success
We all have dreams; things we want to achieve, to have or to own, to be or to see.
The aroma of the food may not have any connotation with it's taste and the nutrients it contains
Nourish yourself so you can feed others.
TODAY, I can choose what affects me, to not be afraid, to not let this break-up depress me, to look at mistakes as learning experiences, to be happy, to feel loved, TODAY I can choose....
Yet have I oft been beaten in the field, And sometimes hurt," said I, "but scorn'd to yield." He smiled and said: "Alas! thou dost not see, My son, how great a flame's prepared for thee.
Let Fortune empty her whole quiver on me, I have a soul that, like an ample shield, Can take in all, and verge enough for more; Fate was not mine, nor am I Fate's: Souls know no conquerors.
Preparation position you for prosperity.
Any time you can gain clarity and higher meaning, you allow more inner peace and more prosperity.
When my income exceeds my outgo, my upkeep will be downright easy.
Blood, sweat, and tea, sister! That's what it takes to achieve all great and terrible things.
That someone would mourn her death made her want to live in the fiercest way.
Everything is figureoutable
History has taught us that people who live to serve humanity selflessly are the ones who live forever. Those who divorce themselves from service to humanity are forgotten even before their death.
Some live a long life and touch no one, while others lose their lives too soon, but touch everyone.
Don't trust too much to all people around you. Don't be fool by their kindness that are showed to you.
We are never truly peaceful about donning a masquerade to appear to be something we are not. We want to come to the PARTY dressed as ourselves and when we do, we feel natural and free."from Are You Ready?The Night Blooming Jasmine in Your Heart
You only get to keep what you refuse to let go of
Things... are not always what they seem." the first quotes comes to us in chapter 2: Conspiracy Theory, By Officer Duke Agnew investigating a drowning death on the western shore in the shadow of the Chesapeake Bay bridge.
You have two lives the second one begins when you realize you only have one
We can be sure that we will hold on to the deathbed as part of the last balance sheet - and this part will taste bitter as cyanide - that we have wasted too much, much too much strength and time on getting angry and getting even with others in a helpless shadow theater, which only we, who have suffered importantly, knew anything about ~ Night Train to Lisbon
You cannot give what you don't have
It is better to recognise that we are in darkness than to pretend that we can see the light
Keep moving forward, the best way to let go off,asshole people holding you back
Life can be short and it's meant to be cherished and treasured-every second, every moment. Now, I'll love harder. I'll love fiercer. And I will not be afraid.
Besides Mass, Energy, Life, and of course Love, there is one thing constant, and does not change with millennia - and that is 'Wisdom'.
When death is imminent remember - this is not a dress rehearsal, the time is now, share your love!
A powerful foundation is worth it in a long run
Sometimes, time takes you the direction it wants you to travel. -Finn Foster
In all your getting, get understanding. Proverbs paraphrased
It is not about how much activity we are capable of doing but how we are performing the activity that makes the difference.
We all must suffer from one of two pains, the pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
We learn best when we're on edge. Focused on the moment, ready for anything...
Share your love, share your happiness; you will be rich and a great success.
Fairytales work on two levels. On a conscious level, they are stories of true love and triumph and overcoming difficult odds and so are pleasurable to read. But they work on a deeper and symbolic level in that they play out our universal psychological dramas and hidden desires and fears.
Don't be afraid to grow up, Peter. It's only a trap if you forget how to fly.
Not all who are lost are lost forever.
Everything beautiful is golden and strewn with pearls. Even golden people live here. But misfortune is a dark power, a monstrous, cannibalistic giant, who is, however, vanquished, because a good woman, who happily knows how to avert disaster, stands ready to help.
Sometimes you must shed your skin to save it.
Sometimes I look at this world and it moves me to tears. The joy and terror and the mad bloody drama of it all. I wonder why they never seem to really see it. Maybe one lifetime just isn't enough. Or maybe it's too much. I can't say. But the truth, to be perfectly plain, is that people are always looking for magic in all the wrong places.
A strange fact of life is that usually people who are counted out somehow transform into the action figures doing the toughest of times that people can count on.
Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
Success starts with believing before you can achieve it.
It is your life, accept the challenge.
I believe on you, rest of things doesn't matter. Take a deep breath, take your time. Time has gone, time will come.Time will be yours if you believe on yourself.
When life hits you down, you have a choice make it- You either stay down and feel sorry for yourself or get up and believe in your self.
Believe on YOURSELF and not on the WORLD!
No longer will I doubt my abilities...I will give myself a chance.
With courage and hope, we can conquer our fears and do what we once believed impossible.
Pretty's just a pretty word.
It's a long way to the top, If you wanna rock n' roll
Silence guides the mind...
Got your fingerprints as evidence all on my bodyPut your right hand on the book and you were found guiltyI can't wait forever but that's how it's gonna beFor me they'll never beCase Closed
There's a difference between interestand commitment. When you're interested in doing something, you do itonly when it's convenient. When you're committed to something, youaccept no excuses - only results.
When you're good at making excuses, it's difficult to excel at anything else.
We should always be grateful for the faults in our partner because if they didn't have those faults from the start, they would have been able to marry someone much better than us
Peace may be hard to achieve, but is possible with small yet essential steps that are guided by courage and sufficient commitment.
He may become like a glass filled with a clear light for eyes to see that can.
Welcome to the Information Jungle.
Eagles can fly higher than other birds, but a small sparrow can evade much better and has a better chance to survive, if falls off the height. (Sentence from my ebook, Tora-Bora mountains)
Perhaps everything you say is true and these are the death throes of the human race, but even if that was true, I would not lose faith. There must be hope, and I must fight for my Emperor against Chaos and it's servants. That is insanity.Wrong, it's being human.
I've never believed in the end of times. We are mankind. Our footprints are on the moon. When the last trumpet sounds and the beast rises from the pit---we will kill it.
Discomfort it temporary. A photo is forever.
If we had the chance to live forever, life would lose its charm for something better.
It's a rare gift to understand that your life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever.
Just because death would eventually separate us, that didn't mean it would destroy what we had. I am forever yours, in this life or the next. Some things could penetrate even the formidable barrier of death, and love was one of them.
Foever is composed of nows.
Forever is composed of nows.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.
Strength lies not in defence but in attack.
Live for something rather than die for nothing.
Victory is a thing of the will.
The single greatest advantage anyone can take into any battle is hope.
A seed doesn't stay beneath the soil, too afraid to grow. It journeys upwards boldly, for that is all it knows.
Our culture has more to gain from inner stillness than incessant pushing.
Nothing goes perfectly for us. But... being incomplete is what pushes us onward to the next something... If we were even perfectly satisfied, what meaning would the rest of our lives hold, right?
Have you ever been on a roller coaster, Togawa-kun?You're only riding on it for a few minutes, right? If you spent the entire ride thinking "only so many seconds left... until this ride is over..." then what was the point of riding it in the first place?Nobody knows why we're alive. We don't have the time to bother.
So much possibility lives within the beauty of your authenticity. Be real.
A nurse and a social worker took fifteen minutes out of their shitty thankless job in the roughest corner of town, sat on a couple of milk crates drinking coffee, flopped their real selves out of the cement and both liked what they saw.
With Me, I want the Bank of America to know that I'm fucking alive.
Don't be about just any life. Be about the life you want to be about.
No one has the right to do wrong, even if wrong has been done to them.
A person who always finds something wrong is most likely thinking wrong.
I hereby arm myself for today with coffee and the willingness to be wrong.
Life is like defusing a bomb, once you cut the wrong wire your whole life is ruined.
You don't need to drink to get over your feelings. Deal with your feelings that's how you get over them,
Write something today that you future self will be proud of.
If you live the same day, week, or year that you have always lived, your life will never get any better. Let yourself actually live. Fix what is broken in your life. Explore what you have left unexplored. Find the discomfort of the new and embrace it. Enjoy all that life has to offer.
Take my hand, hold on tight, and together we will jump. Jump out of the darkness and into the blinding light. I don't know what struggle we will experience out there but I believe it is better than struggling here in the darkness. Together let's change our lives. Let us take risks to create a better life. I believe.
Though you may feel that you cannot improve the world, you can always improve yourself. In doing so, the world becomes a better place.
I made a pleasant discovery. You work hard at something eight hours a day, you get better. Not a lot better necessarily, but a little better, and that's just fine, because improving at golf, or anything else probably, is just a matter of making an endless series of tiny improvements.
a distinctive amount of a reasonable scarcity improves value greatly
The inventor...looks upon the world and is not contented with things as they are. He wants to improve whatever he sees, he wants to benefit the world; he is haunted by an idea.
All my shoes somehow magically disappeared. But I'm not concerned. They'll show up sometime - even when you least expect it.
What is done cannot be undone,Knowing that, face it but do not run.
To the traditional Indians, terms such as intercourse, penis, vagina, clitoris, semen, masturbation, breasts, etc. are exclusive possessions of the night. The traditional Indians perceive these terms as something dirty. No matter how old they look, they really never grow up to talk and discuss about sex.
The majority of India's adult and elderly population is too medieval to think as civilized, rational and progressive human beings.
The overload of useless ceremonials and worship have crippled the whole nation. If you want to do good to your nation and yourself, then throw away your ancient ceremonials as far as possible.
Acceptance and validation are the fuels of the future.
Unless you're a true prodigy, you're going to have to practice for a while being bad before you get any good. And it will seem like a waste of time. I remember that feeling well. But don't worry about wasting time, because it'll be so worth it. It's my experience that in the end, life lessons and guitar lessons begin to blur in all sorts of interesting ways.
Comparing how you feel on the inside (bad) to the way someone else looks on the outside (great) is a losing proposition. It's an impossible standard.
To be a runner is to learn continual life lessons.
Dont look for something that isn't there, because you're never going to find it
Desperate prayers may be an indication of spiritual health rather than a sign of spiritual deficiency.
People tell me I excel in Public Relations, what I suck at are private affairs.
A marriage is about how clever you deal with it, not about pushing it away when hurricanes come crashing down. You've to be strong and find a way to not let the world tear your marriage apart.
I want to live so that I am truly submitted to the Spirit's leading on a daily basis. Christ said its better for us that the Spirit came and I want to live like that is true. I don't want to keep crawling when I have the ability to fly.
If you will have patience in difficulties you know the Holy Spirit is within you, if you will also have the strength to be thankful in troubles than is when the Holy Spirit shines through you.
Misery alternates with euphoria.
It is deeply satisfying to win a prize in front of a lot of people.
I can't say i would be the winner, but i can say i will try to be the winner in any challenges.
If you want to win the race be prepared to get off the starting blocks!
Winning" is taking the talent or potential you were born with, and have since developed, and using it fully toward a goal or purpose that makes you happy.
Nothing in life that is of value comes easy. If good things came easily then the value would be diminished. When we have a vested interest, when we give everything we have, then, and only then are those good times valuable.
We live in a society that only embraces success and that is who we are. It takes a great deal of inner strength to deal with the time commitment of coaching when very little seems to be accomplished.
Coaching is like riding a roller coaster with many ups and downs. The true test is weathering the storm. The average length of time anywhere in America that a man is a head high school football coach is three years.
It is important for coaches to mentor young people toward those things that are most important in life and aid them in creating their own order of priorities to live by.
I truly believe that success is determined not on Friday nights during games but rather in practice away from the lights and glimmer where coaches and players only have each other, their sweat, their discipline and their loyalty to each other. It is at practice where the boys of America become men through hard work, dedication and perseverance.
The development of the We Believe philosophy must be real and not cosmetic. Everyone must buy in and understand that it is not a motivational tool, but rather something very personal that should be lived and that all must believe in order for true success to be achieved.
I think we had to hit rock-bottom in all facets of the program before we could ever start moving in a positive direction.
If you are not a part of the solution then you must be part of the problem. I am done with problems here!
I will not promise boys positions, I will not promise any of you football success, I will demand discipline, character, respect, and work ethic throughout the program. If I succeed in getting people to believe then success will follow.
The great cancer facing all of us during this 'new millennium' is entitlement.
Before success can truly become routine, there must be that transition from that wanting/hoping to have success toward honestly knowing you can earn success with your talents and work ethic.
To achieve any group goal, individuals must work to improve themselves as a means to improve the group.
I teach our young men that respect is earned each day on the practice field, in the classroom, and how each young man lives his life.
The third year at a school for any head coach is the most important year for the program they are attempting to develop.
A team goal requires a team effort.
Coaches must take calculated risks all the time. One thing is to talk about what you plan to do and another is to prepare and then execute a plan toward change.
As of today, you do anything that I feel is disrespecting our program in any way, you are gone! From this day forward, everyone will be at practice in uniform as we will either build this program into something or we will destroy it!
The unknown can be a great tool.
It is more likely that coaches have players go down in games they are losing than games they are winning.
America is a country built on unity, hard work and diligent pursuit of personal goals leading to collective success.
Once an athlete feels his coach does not believe in him resentment develops and everyone loses at that point.
This is truly a rags to riches story which doesn't happen often, but it does happen. Hope is offered to those who face similar challenges that in this great Country dreams can be realized when work ethic and passion lead the way.
The coaches will offer a direction, a plan, routine, discipline and the players must develop the desire to work together accepting their roles as they learn in preparation for the season.
The youth of America need routine, repetition toward excellence, a sound but not punishing discipline, and the opportunity to make mistakes without the feeling of failure.
Every time our great Country has been critically challenged either by dictators or terrorists, we as a Country have put aside our personal agendas and focused on doing what we need to do to win when threatened.
we first need to get boys out for football and then the plan will gradually come into play
It is so easy to judge those around us and decide their value without knowing who they really are or what they truly represent.
Being fired is part of the risk when anyone plans to take on the responsibility as a head coach.
Sports programs are an important part of young people's lives but should never over-shadow the true purpose of high school and that is to earn a diploma. So often today sports have become more important than an education. This must be remedied because the true focus must always be toward the student's academic development.
Winners accept responsibility because acceptance of responsibility nullifies excuses.
Winning is a science, educate yourself to win .
You will never win if you never begin.
You've got to be in it to win it
Self belief, Wise choice and Karma are the three main ingredients of Winners.
If losers can exploit what their adversaries teach them, yes, losers can become winners in the long term.
A daughter is chiseled to chisel the world.
It's been a while since I've had sex. I figured it was just like riding a bike, the only difference is that after a while, the bike doesn't turn you over and ride you.
When life gives you lemons, do NOT make lemonade. Lemonade is for losers. Make orange juice instead.
What we need, is a break out. Out of our lives, out of Seattle, out of the dumb script of girl.
When you say "I love you", I expect you to prove it.
Summer was on the way; Jem and I awaited it with impatience. Summer was our best season: it was sleeping on the back screened porch in cots, or trying to sleep in the tree house; summer was everything good to eat; it was a thousand colors in a parched landscape; but most of all, summer was Dill.
Summer was a book of hope. That's why I loved and hated summers. Because they made me want to believe.
Let the park live in you until it sings you a song.
Don't DIE byreading BOOKSSomething's out there in the world to bea part of LIFE . . .!
Winning isn't about finishing in first place. It isn't about beating the others. It is about overcoming yourself. Overcoming your body, your limitations, and your fears. Winning means surpassing yourself and turning your dreams into reality.
Marial and Uncle were no longer by his side, and they never would be again, but Salva knew that both of them would have wanted him to survive, to finish the trip and reach the Itang refugee camp safely. It was almost as if they had left their strength with him, to help him on his journey.
Snow is like a wide sea. One could go out and be lost in it and forget the world, and oneself.
He who limps is still walking.
You do not truly know yourself until you have learned to appreciate others.
Stop complaining if you did started your life slower than the rest, Pick yourself up and move
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself.
Never stop loving yourself, for how can you truly love someone if you don't love yourself first. And never be afraid to love, for it is one of the most beautiful uglist things of this world.
Don't be so hard on yourself....that's what a loofah's for
No one can take the power within you.
Feel the connection!
Fully experiencing the connection that exists between us all is the secret to true contentment.
...the strands that connect us are frail, so don't hang great weights on slender wires...
to avoid being blamed after here, do what you must do as a must do whilst you are here!
I live larger than life.
Life is the gift of being able to do something, so use it
Don't do the things just for the sake of it. Do something extra. It makes ordinary things, extraordinary.
Not in the flight of ideas, but only in action is freedom. Make up your mind and come out into the tempest of the living.
Minimalism is a way of living at the maximum of your potential.
I may not be my brothers keeper, but I am my brother's brother.
Compassion is a reflection of our connectedness. YOUR devotion to helping others is an expression of YOUR greatness.
Cultivate a passion for truth.Pursue a life of charity.Enjoy the beauty found in every day.
Hooray for differences! Without them, there would be no harmony. In principles, great clarity. In practices, great charity.
Ask Gandhi, and eye for an eye makes us both blind.....ask an engineer, and the numbers don't lie - the first to strike wins.
On the occasion of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, I salute every individual who honors the core values of his legacy, making him proud of humanity.
There are more gifts in who you are than there are in who you think you want to be.
You can ask others for directions about your life's path...But remember, then you're on someone else's journey and may get lost. Search for your path within.
There are always people who are inspired by you, just because you are who you are.
The real you focuses on goals that inspire you and doesn't let that's just not me! stand in the way.
You are like an ocean: quietly ebbing and flowing to the rhythm of life, but wildly expansive and profoundly powerful. You are boundless. You are whole. Your quietness is your strength. Your depth is your advantage.
If you are feeling constrained by a group that you belong to, ask yourself,How can I participate in this community and still be who I am?
It's a funny thing, how it works...The moment we stop trying so hard to be someone, we become ourselves--only what was there all along, waiting and peeking out from behind all the masks we wore.And when this happens, we discover that Who We Really Are is much greater than anything we might have pretended or even hoped to be.
Breaking childhood teachings is never easy, and in essence, they are like white noise that can sometimes stop us from listening to ourselves, or having to listen to ourselves.
You have heroes? No? what kind of feeling exist in you?
Nobody is a villain in their own story. We're all the heroes of our own stories.
Don't forget who your heroes are, what they mean to you, and why they mean that to you.
As long as I live, I will always remember those wee children standing at the railing on that ship." - John Hanlon, the sailor
The youth, intoxicated with his admiration of a hero, fails to see, that it is only a projection of his own soul, which he admires.
A broken heart doesn't need repaired. Because maybe one of your pieces fits perfectly with someone else's heart.
Do not accept whatever comes. Do not accept whatever goes. You have infinite power. Exercise your choice.
When you find something you genuinely enjoy, don't let anyone else make you feel bad about it. Don't feel guilty about the pleasure you take in the things you enjoy. Celebrate them.
When you get the red letters right, it all makes sense.
You must go to the extreme to find out who you are, but sometimes, you never go back.
Live a life you don't need to take a vacation from
we all are right and wrong at the same time according to our view.
Only you can change yourself, no one else can.
Take my picture Hollywood. I wanna be STAR
Just because it's old, doesn't mean it's gold.
There's nothing worse than the one that got away. It haunts you for weeks like a bad dream, eats away at your psyche like a termite on softened wood.
An Airstream is a lot like a first love: you are lured by her charm, seduced by her beauty, and once bitten, you are forever chasing after her mystique.
Being Uniquely YOU is the New Perfect.
when i started i had to start no excuses and even without knowing what i am gonna to do just had to do "something" . this fire is needed to do any work otherwise people exist nd die .
Our personal history does not inhibit our present or our future. Don't let anyone (including yourself) tell you you can't do something. Find your passion and take action everyday to work towards achieving your life purpose.
You must have a strong will and determined spirit to fight any form of oppression.
May find the right road to travel on.
Being in love is not always being happy but being happy is always being in love
oh well, is it hurting anyone? Because if its not and you've been given it, I'd as soon stop calling it a thing and start referring to it as a gift.
There is no greater gift like LOVE.
Try - now's gift.
A happy birthday is measured not in the amount of gifts one gets, but in the amount love one receives.
Distinguish between real needs and artificial wants and control the latter.
Human rights are not things that are put on the table for people to enjoy. These are things you fight for and then you protect.
Be the slaughterhouse for sacred cows.
I feel it respectful to observe and practice new customs, if I am to ever understand what it truly means to be human.
We have made thee neither of heaven nor of earth,Neither mortal or immortal, So that with freedom of choice and with honor, As thought the maker and molder of thyself, Thou mayest fashion thyself in whatever shape thou shalt prefer. Thou shalt have the power out of thy soul's judgment, to be reborn into the higher forms, which are divine.
Your deeds are nothing but reflection of your thoughts.once thoughts will turn good... actions on their own will turn better... and the world DIVINE....
It's simpler to live in a mindset of moving forward, than in a mindset of procrastination!
Own your growth and your schedule!
All I want to be is a wandering entrepreneur touching billions of lives. I am going to be the monk who never bought a Ferrari.
It is observed that Failed people can give a successful talk on hardwork.
Without setbacks there'd be no comebacks, and everyone loves a come.
Life at times is a bunch of crap, the nice part about crap is that it's biodegradable.
Graduating from the School of Hard Knocks doesn't always get you to Fort Knox.
Some people get lifetimes, some get moments. I've got to tell myself it's what you do with what you get that counts.
The sacred moment is splendid.
Today is a special day that will go by very fast, so let's take every second to make the most out of every moment.
One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.
There are no defining moments. There are only your moments to define.
In moments such as these, it's the minor seconds that count. Seconds that can make or break you. Seconds that can save your life.
Partings are the beginnings of new meetings.Beginnings happen because there are endings.
To nourish a tree you must get to the roots, the same is true if you must uproot it.
What you see and feel depends on what you know and what you are looking for.
In the end, we will conserve only what we love; we will love only what we understand and we will understand only what we are taught.
Still humanity is in her infancy, so often we engage in fighting to destroy ourself.
The Law saith, Where is thy righteousness, goodness, and satisfaction? The Gospel saith, Christ is thy righteousness, goodness, and satisfaction.
If you love me, feed my sheep.
The blade sings to me. Faintly, so soft against my ears, its voice calms my worries and tells me that one touch will take it all away. It tells me that I just need to slide a long horizontal cut, and make a clean slice. It tells me the words that I have been begging to hear: this will make it ok.
I'm a stranger behind the same set of eyes that the girl in the photo holds.
I knew it was the right thing to do because I started feeling some of the toxicity inside me melt away and peace begin to fill in the crevices
When you learn to embrace your flaws is how you learn to love yourself, perfectly.
Sometimes you have to realise that things will never change if you don't make a change yourself, and sometimes, you need to realise that it only happened so that you could learn something.
The more you know, the more you don't know," the further you go in your training, learning, and experience as a yoga teacher, the more you'll realize that there's an infinite universe of knowledge and wisdom to bring to the practice.
The body is not a product. It is an experience.
The time is changing and not only the policy makers of India, but the whole world is realizing the importance of Ayurveda. Who could have thought some years back that people with up-bringing in cosmopolitan culture would prefer bottle gourd juice or gooseberry juice over carbonated soft-drinks in the near future.
Seeds of past karma cannot germinate if they are roasted in the fires of divine wisdom.
My Maman told me that only the crazy ones and the passionate ones accomplish anything in life.
It does no good for you to spend all of your time worrying about what may come and being blind to what you have in the present. ~Blaez, The Guardians of Eastgate
Time flows like memories on the shores of the past.
The dead worry the living because their silence reminds us how little the great comedies and tragedies in our lives matter and how little the universe would care if we'd never lived at all. -- Nara
You will be able to say you have done your best at selling when you satisfy your customers' needs on a steady and consistent basis. As a professional salesperson, you can't satisfy those needs unless you know what they are and appreciate the person who has them
If you're as good as you're going to be, life's as good as it's going to get.
Balance is not something you find, it's something you create
Let us learn to adapt our ways to the generosity of Nature. Let us learn to care, yet without letting care itself bring us down. Let us learn to think, yet without letting thought be our only master. Let us learn to die, yet without believing in death.
The problem is normal was'nt in my DNA. I was destined to be forever freakish.
The man who has experienced shipwreck shudders even at a calm sea.
I guess not being 'just like them' is a crime.
An applause is not just the recognition of good performance, but its proof of being different than the crowd.
sometimes music isn't just a bunch of sounds and lyrics, sometimes it's more than that: a time machine...
Dishonesty is like a boomerang. Just when you think all is well, it hits you in the back of your head.
Often,our immediate reaction to a sudden crisis help us save ourselves. Our response to gradual crises that creep up upon us, on the other hand,may be so adaptive as to ultimately lead to self-destruction.
It was clear that the house was run on a certain system, of either great pomposity or great denial - it was too early for her to make up her mind about which one it was.
Ascend, may you find so resistanceJust know that you made such a differenceAll you leave behind will live to the endThe cycle of suffering goes onBut memories of you stay strongSome day I too will fly and find you again
Pick a star on the dark horizon and follow the light.
Attention, if sudden and close, graduates into surprise; and this into astonishment; and this into stupefied amazement.
...a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention...
I think perhaps love thrives on unlikely circumstances and chance : life thrives on these principles, and is life not love? And love not life?
Life is full of chances, don't miss yours today.
Life is but a play of chance in the game of choice.
Life is the greatest chance that has been given to all of us. So how do you choose to live your life? You've got a pen. Write it down.
I rely on one thing in this world:my actions. I will leave nothing to chance and prefer playing the game of life with thestrongest hand possible.
Coaching is like a magic mirror, reflecting what you are thinking, feeling and saying about everything in life. By working together, you'll understand your own mirror and change it to become limitless.
Freedom of will is born from the neurons. And that freedom allows you to sometimes make even the worst decisions ever in your life. And by making the worst decision, you simply learn what would be the better decision in future.
I shall decide what I do. If you say my work is fighting, or healing, or exploring, or whatever you say, I'll always be thinking about it, and if I end up doing that, I'll feel resentful because it'll feel as I didn't have a choice, and if I don't do it, I'll feel guilty because I should. Whatever I do, I will choose it, no one else.
If you want to succeed, get some enemies.
Genuine love is ever constant, unchanging. There is no separation by degrees, levels, or kinds. There is no comparison or judgment since there is just one kind and it is inside everyone. Ego and the world around would have us believe otherwise.
We all come from different paths in life but we can find common ground.
Drinking the energy of the universeBreathing along with the CosmosWith each breathI am rebornInto a brand new existence.
Take a limitation and turn it into an opportunity. Take an opportunity and turn it into an adventure by dreaming BIG!
What I want to get out of my college course is some knowledge of the best way of living life and doing the most and best with it. I want to learn to understand and help other people and myself.
Every problem is a new puzzle to be solved.
The problem is solvable puzzle.
Every difficult problem is easy if you know how to.
You overcome a problem, not by solving it, but by becoming bigger than the problem.
Education does not solve any problem but it gives you the ability to solve the problem.
Be the solution, not the problem.
An easy life does not make men, nor does it build nations. Challenges make men, and it is these men who build nations.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you!
Being a Muslim is not a joke but a challenge. If you think it is, come and live in Pakistan where you will know about Muslims' enemies around the globe
...no way through it but through it," I tell myself.
The only life worth living is the one we take responsibility for choosing.
It's not what happens to us that molds us. It's what we do with what happens to us.
No one should stand for nor chant the Pledge of Allegiance because it was the origin of the Nazi salute and Nazi behavior (see the discoveries by the historian Dr. Rex Curry in the many books that cite his academic work)
You can be all that you want.
Do it at your best or Don't do it at all.
Fun is essential to mastering the serious side of life. It provides the balance that keeps us sane
. . . when you are stressed, if you take three deep breaths before you say or do anything, this will help prevent you from making choices you might regret later.
Conscience is the manifestation of our divine nature, the absolute truthfulness that we all have inside, that resides beyond the instinctive desire to survive.
For most people, meditation is associated with relaxation and peace of mind, and these are the practical reasons many people seek out, learn, and practice meditation. However, relaxation and peace of mind are only half of the uses of meditation. The other, probably more important aspect, is for creation.
With the muscles of our body, we can lift and move heavy things. With the muscle of integrity, we can turn intention into powerful action. That's how we can earn trust from our conscience, and can truly believe in ourselves.
Our true nature doesn't need any explanation or demonstration to know itself. It just knows because knowing is part of its nature.
Conscience, the divine nature within us, sees everything as connected, what's good for all is always its priority.
Breathing is the master key of life.
Once we learn to control our mind,It becomes easy to control our life.
The ancient teaching of Tao tells us that knowing what you really are is wisdom, and living it is virtue.
The intention to be absolutely truthful and the willingness to put the benefit of all before personal benefit hold the power to change the world.
The essence of enlightenment . is a big understanding, which gives you a deep and wide perspective to see the world as a whole, and a capacity to accept with compassion all that is. 11/26
What is enlightenment? In the Korean tradition of Tao, it is known a Mu-Ah (Mu means No or Nothing and Ah means Me). It is no-me-ness, or egoless-ness. It means realizing the true, unchanging nature of the person you happen to be.
Behind our behaviors are our beliefs. They determine how we think things are and what is possible. The foundation of these beliefs is our conception of who we are, whether we are conscious of it or not.
Thoughts become things through action. The most powerful tool for creating changes in your life is attention and action. No action means no creation.
Meditation is a powerful way to enhance your attention, develop your ability to think mindfully, and to use the unlimited creative potential of your mind.
Action is something you do purposefully with attention. If you really want something, you will use as much energy for it, and you will use it through action.
The universe likes change. All that appears solid and substantial is built on the shifting sands of ceaseless transformation on the quantum level. Ironically, that's the one steady factor about the universe - it is always changing, which means our efforts to change are supported by the very nature of Life.
The only thing you need to be present here and now is your breathing. When you feel your breath, your mind is with your body.
When your breath is slow and deep, your mind calm, raise your hands and focus on your palms. You will feel the subtle energy that connects body and mind: LifeParticles.
Be aware of your breathing and breathe naturally. This will lead you into unity with the great flow of Life, your true nature.
The deeper and slower your breathing becomes, the more space you will create inside you. Eventually, it will become so big that all your thoughts and emotions look trivial in the vastness of your inner space.
By attuning your breathing, you can become one with the natural rhythm of life that flows through you all the time.
You are infinite intelligence, creativity and Energy-Consciousness which gives you the power and wisdom to attain fulfillment and completion in life.
The moment you choose your vision, great confliction comes along. You have confliction even if you don't choose the vision. Our soul grows not by living life within a small confliction, but rather living with big conflictions inside a big vision. A soul with a vision can succeed.
Although we have refined our behavior over many centuries, the basic perception that we are individual beings, separate from the rest of the world, remains unchanged, and so how we relate to the world remains unchanged. Because separation is an illusion, control is also an illusion.
How do we meditate? It is not thinking about the past or future. It starts with being present.
The life I am experiencing, good or bad, is the collective result of the choices I have made, knowingly or unknowingly. When I accept this, I acknowledge that I have the power to create my destiny.
Make your mind quiet of disturbing thoughts by focusing on subtle energy on your palms, inside your body and all around.
When you experience being present, there is no separation between you and other things. If you feel separate, you are already out of the present and returned to your familiar land of names and concepts.
The common factor in all our experiences is wakeful consciousness which turns what happens into an experience or a meaningful reality.
Consciousness is not confined within an individual brain. Otherwise, how can it cause changes in the physical state of things outside the brain?
Consciousness can travel through space or can be present at multiple locations simultaneously. A conscious mind here can create a material change there, and is not limited by time and space or any physical forces.
Consciousness has power to create physical changes and requires no other medium than itself. It can reach the entire universe, inferring that consciousness energy is the very nature of the universe.
Because consciousness has no mass and extension, no parts or physical properties, it is Nothing, which on the other hand, can generate the matter and energy of the entire universe.
LifeParticles are the particles of Nothingness that have attributes of being and nonbeing, and the particles of energy and consciousness, which are the essence of Life.
Perhaps we have been dependent too long on language and thought, and need to reawaken our inherent sense of the subtle vibration of Energy-Consciousness. All you have to do is unblock the blocked parts and awaken the sleeping parts of your being to access it.
Many of the most profound discoveries were reported to have come through intuition rather than sequential analysis processed by linguistic understanding.
All beings are made up of LifeParticles, and ceaselessly interact and communicate on this deeper level of reality. Through this connection, all beings affect and reflect each other. Whatever we do, we do to ourselves. Whatever comes out of us comes back.
As a phenomenon, life has a beginning and ending, but life itself doesn't. So, which one is truly me - a phenomenon that lasts only between birth and death, or life itself that underlies all phenomena?
Our true reality is not a limited phenomenon, existing only between birth and death. It is eternal life that exists alone, self-existent and self-sufficient, the essence of all that is, was, and ever will be throughout the universe. That is what you really are.
If people begin to use the full power of conscience in all the choices they make in their everyday life, from presidential elections to purchasing things in the grocery store, the world will change.
Absolute values are the things that are important whether you like them or not. Relative values depend on social contexts and personal preferences and conditions of life. Our current market system pursues relative transient values at the cost of absolute lasting values.
We need to look carefully at what we value, what we have, and what we desire to make sure these are really important to us and represent what we truly want.
To recover the purest Zero mind, and cosmic consciousness, we first have to attain an earth consciousness.
We use our minds in a way similar to how we use a scale - it tells us its worth, its value. But what if the scale has not been accurately recalibrated to zero? What if you had forgotten to remove mental and emotional baggage?
Recalibration of the mind means clearing our perceptions and recovering our capacity for pure observation.
When we look at something, we are often not aware of who is perceiving, and unaware of the mental-emotional filter created by past experiences, hopes and expectations.
Conscience is the absolute truthfulness perceived, which comes from Nothing, our true nature, and as such reflects things exactly the way they are.
Recalibration comes from experiencing Nothingness, being open to emptiness as the ultimate reality and our nature. It is the purest mind, the Energy-Consciousness itself.
If somebody asks me what enlightenment is, I say that it is simply recovering conscience.
What is missing in our economic system is a central value that can encompass everything that can be transacted and used to assign the proper relative value to everything.
Relatively speaking, science can provide reliable standards to verify truth in a physical, material sense, but values are not its strength. What one generation takes to be true is debunked and made obsolete by new discoveries.
If we see our relationship to this planet in a wide perspective, one thing is clear: we belong to this planet, not the other way around.
Rather than the kind of change that takes what we already have and augments it, like power to our cars and speed to our computers, I believe the kind of change we need now is a change of direction.
Breathing well means breathing more slowly and deeply. Relax, feel your breathing, and breathe comfortably. Once aware, it naturally becomes deeper and slower.
By becoming aware of how you eat your eating will become a rich experience blessed with tasteful flavor, joyful texture, a deep sense of gratitude, and pleasurable contentment.
While sleeping, we're free to be what we really are, nothing more, nothing less.
Before you sleep, experience yourself as what you really are by recognizing the vast space inside you, and feeling the Energy-Consciousness, LifeParticles, overflowing through the space and through your body.
There is much work to be done, and we are the ones privileged to do it.
We did not - and could not - purchase Earth with money. We have just been granted temporary stewardship.
We are currently too attached to our worldly toys, rather than to the lessons our playing could impart to further the maturity of our collective soul.
Before we ask the cosmos for the power to have all our thoughts manifest, we need to train ourselves to become more aware, or mindful, of our thoughts, and think wisely enough to use this power for the benefit of all.
Given that you desire to change things in your life much bigger than particles, how long do you maintain your observation and how much mental power do you invest in observing those things?
Consciousness is part of our nature as sentient beings, but doesn't mean we are aware at a particular moment. By perceiving our consciousness - becoming conscious of consciousness, we become aware.
You know what awareness is only when you are aware. Awareness is the perception of your presence in the now.
Awareness, when managed and directed, becomes attention. By turning into attention, awareness becomes localized, and attains a focal point. Because of this feature, attention has the power to direct energy.
Attention has its most powerful expression in purposeful action.
Thoughts become things? True, but that analysis is not complete - we need to add two more words: thoughts become things through energy.
Many do not have the courage to face the truth of life and instead dwell upon some delusions to escape it. Any such escapism is a major hurdle in spiritual development.
We become a master of something only when we know the truth of it. Similarly, when we know the truth of our soul and the oneness of the Universe then we are a Master of Life.
When we understand the mechanism of life then we can cooperate with it and live an abundant life.
When we change, our environment also has to change so as to be in alignment with what we are.
When we realize the truth that every creation is an individualized portion of the Creator and we are always one with It then we are ready to live in harmony.
Mind can comprehend things only at its particular level of vibration. As the mind become calm and quiet it can see and understand deeper things.
Spiritual Laws ensures that every entity will be at the exact place where it has earned the right to be, by all its previous thoughts, words and actions, including those of the previous lives.
Our environment, including the physical body, reflect our inner state - what we are inwardly, our eternal nature. When we renew our mind and transform ourselves, our environment responds to this change automatically.
We know the truth of a matter when we are able to see and understand it. The truth does not change, only our perception of the truth changes depending on how clearly we see and how much we understand.
An individual being will go through lives and events in cycles on earth until it learns those specific lessons that it had come to learn in each incarnation.
We are all born with extraordinary powers of imagination, intelligence, feeling, intuition, spirituality, and of physical and sensory awareness. (p.9)
A harsh word breaks the heart. A kind word can sooth the savage beast. A word never spoken can bury a burden or save a relationship.
The future begins when we tear down the walls that keep us in the past. We must be thankful for those who walked through the pain and helped us to see the way out.
What trumps the 'How' of Leadership is the 'Why
Never let your Enemies become your Advocates. by A. K. Hasan
If you are not taking the time to set your own goals, chances are pretty high someone else is doing it for you. So don't be surprised someday when you end up someplace you never hoped to be.
The reputation of a great work ethic that took years to build can be forgotten with one act of misjudgment.
A knowledgeable manager can lend to the success of an organization "almost" as much as a poorly trained manager can damage it.
There is no "one" way to be a perfect leader, but there are a million ways to be a good one.
Stop categorizing and labeling! This is your way to avoid the unknown but brings the risk to avoid the new!
Your best is good enough.
Keep your heart wide open and you'll be received with open hearts - not by everyone, but to be received by one open heart is more than worth the journey.
Our worth comes from the promises we keep.
History will be kind to me for I have written it. Winston Churchill
What matters right now is this: we're each of us standing here, together, alive, together.
Do you enjoy holidays with your family? I don't mean your mom and dad family, but your uncle and aunt and cousin family? Personally, I do. There are several reasons for this. First, I am very interested and fascinated by how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other. Second, the fights are always the same.
But in that moment when my brother took the field, all that washed away, and everyone was proud... I looked up at my dad, and he was smiling. I looked at my mom, and she was smiling even though she was nervous about my brother getting hurt, which was strange because it was a VCR tape of an old game, and she knew he didn't get hurt.
Break the rules and make up your own rules.
Love heals the heart.
The way out of a dead end is to go back the way you came in.
As long as I didn't say it aloud, it wasn't real
I hoped for a miracle, but most of all, I hoped for someone to truly understand what I was going through.I can't make you live longer, I can't stop you from hurting but I can give you one wish as someone did for me. My wish helped me find purpose, faith, and courage. Friendship reaches beyond time and the true miracle is in giving, not recieving.
This is 1987. A girl can be whatever she wants to be." "I know," said Ray. "My mums a plumber.
An actor is just a part of a movie, but director - he is the movie.
Adolescence is a marketing tool.
The number one job of the dominant is to continually seduce consent from the bottom.
Its been enough enjoying now, let's begin achieving.
At the end of the day, can you look back and say to yourself, "Today, my mother would be proud of me because I gave it all I had"? If you can, you will have had a very good day. And if you can do this every day, you will have a very good life.
I'm all for fighting tyranny and oppression.
Be brave. Be kind. Be simple. Above all, be crazy with love.
If you are brave enough to empty yourself, then life will fill you again and again.
Being afraid, being uncertain you'll succeed, but going ahead anyway- that's what makes a hero, Berhanu.
Dead or not, I have come for his heart and I will have it.
We can't be brave without fear.
Grow strong, my comrade . that you may standUnshaken when I fall; that I may knowThe shattered fragments of my song will comeAt last to finer melody in you;That I may tell my heart that you beginWhere passing I leave off, and fathom more.
Marriage is not 'I', its 'We'.
Most people overestimate what they can do in a month and underestimate what they can do in an hour.
The greatest thing that gives me peace about time is knowing that I get to make choices about what I do with it. I also find it amazing that when there is something I really want to do, I find the time for it.
If you were to gather all the minutes wasted on insignificant, immaterial yik yak spent throughout the day and add them up, how much misspent time do you think you'd have? One hour? Two hours? Consider the sunk cost on that. It's unacceptable. One minute wasted is one minute too much.
Broke people are busy with their time, wherein successful people are productive with their time.
Every hour you are not going after your passion, making your dreams a reality or defining your purpose is an hour you can't get back. Is what you're doing right now, this day, this moment getting you closer to where you want to be? If not, readjust your focus. It's your future. Go get it!
Despite wearing a Rolex, I have no time.
It's not about having enough time, it's about makingenough time.
Help yourself before you help others.
You can't achieve the dream if you're pleasing the team
Facts give way when faith is activated.
You will never feel the dark when u look at a light... Just look at the bright side of the things you will never mind your struggles
Life is harder than you thought, you must face the challenges that comes to your life and fight with Love and Dignity in-order to have a successful life.
one of the most painful things in life is to be considered as meaningless in an environment where you think you are truly meaningful
we may have a better reflection of ourselves in the mirror depending on how thick the opaque substance behind it is; the lighter the substance, the poorer the image; the thicker the substance,the better the image.
Crossing the starting line may be an act of courage, but crossing the finish line is an act of faith. Faith is what kepes us going when nothing else will. Faith is the emotion that will give you victory over your past, the demons in your soul, & all of those voices that tell you what you can & cannot do & can & cannot be.
Running is about finding your inner peace, and so is a life well lived.
As long as my heart's still in it, I'll keep going. If the passion's there, why stop?...There'll likely be a point of diminishing returns, a point where my strength will begin to wane. Until then, I'll just keep plodding onward, putting one foot in front of the other to the best of my ability. Smiling the entire time.
If you don't think you were born to run you're not only denying history. You're denying who you are.
Long Distance training can be a positive & constructive form of selfishness. After all, once you're at the starting line, you're there by yourself. No one can run a single step for you. No one can jump in & help you. No one but you can make the decisions about what to do to keep going. It's all up to you.
Movement is the essence of life.
If you refuse to practice run today,it will make harder to practice it tomorrow
But such a person also has that annoying voice in the back of her head constantly reminding her that merely "coasting by" in life isn't an accomplishment.
We knew not where we were going. We only knew that we must run, run to the end of the world, run to the end of our days.
The reason we race isn't so much to beat each other, he understood, but to be with each other.
The act of running is simple, one foot in front of the other. The art of becoming a runner is achieved through a new mindset and commitment to change, especially if it's new to you. It's tough, challenging, painful, sometimes lonely, regularly uncomfortable and often excruciating.but the rewards are second to none.
Today, I run for pure, absolute joy.
Life is for participating, not for spectating.
Never pursue happiness, just create the happiness inside you.
Never pursue happiness, just create it inside you.
Why are you choosing to be unhappy, when you're created for happiness?
Act to create beauty without expecting results.
Above all mediums, through which storytelling is conveyed, none has the potential to draw us in, to hold us spellbound, but the unassuming book.
A book lives a new life every time it is read.
Reading is dreaming. Reading is entering a world of imagination shared between reader and author. Reading is getting beyond the words to the story or meaning underneath.
There is no other escape like a book. Reading expands your mind and opens your world to a myriad of possibilities.
What's the point of these demagogic campaigns if these hungry kids are still here on the road? All little ones deserve protection, food, love and peace.
It's not all that important that you be able to originate brilliant ideas... The more important talent is to be able to recognize good ideas from other people.
As you walk, hop, hobble, or wheelMeeting people of different kinds, Remember that being handicappedIs only a state of mind
For peace, let us teach the humanity, tolerance and nonviolence.
For peace, let us teach humanity tolerance and nonviolence.
Every second you spend holding someone else back is time not running the race yourself.
[She] had the indefinable charm of someone who said little but thought much. Miss Prim had always felt that such people were at a marked advantage. They never said anything tactless, never spouted nonsense, never had cause to regret their words or justify themselves.
LOVE - PEACE - SUCCESS: When they are what we desire, they fuel our hope. When they are seen in our behavior, they change our lives.
Just because your pain is understandable, doesn't mean your behavior is acceptable.
Living life without hardships is simply not living at all.
I've learned, that not all worth is measured by price. I've found so many gems that didn't cost me much!
...just remember, darling, it is pain that changes our lives.
Adversity is only yet another means to remind us of 'How Truly Awsome We All Are'!
I am not interested in what is pleasant. I'm interested in what's useful.
Friendship Quote of the Week:"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together".Woodrow Wilson, U.S. President and World Leader
Never place someone so high on a pedestal that if they should fall... you get crushed.
Everything's impossible until somebody does it.
Strange... The more I befriend my solitude, the more people desire my company.
The world will burn for a hundred years. Fire will consume the things we made from wood and plastic and rubber and cloth, then water and wind and time will chew the stone and steel into dust. How baffling it is that we imagined cities incinerated by alien bombs and death rays when all they needed was Mother Nature and time.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail".
It is obvious that art cannot teach anyone anything, since in four thousand years humanity has learnt nothing at all.
Love is about filling up the space, not making more holes.
Magic," her mother said, "is a kind of hope. And wishes are like dreams. When we have them, we can make things change. Without, we stay the same.
Life is not about how long you live or how much you experience. Life is about how you choose to live it and what you experience.
There's nothing you could do to make me any more or less gay, Dad. It's who I am.It's not who you are. It's part of who you are, but it's not who you are. You're so much more than just that, and I'm proud of you. All of you." ~ Lucas' Father
We believe people with Passion CAN change the World for the Better." -Steve Jobs
No, I am not bitter, I am not hateful, and I am not unforgiving. I just don't like you.
Truth is not the same for everyone whereas facts are.
Because I know the things I should be able to accomplish, and I don't want to do so.
If you start out by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work toward getting it.
If you're always asking what if you made another decision, you will never be happy with the decisions you have made. Every decision in your life has been the right one at the time to allow you to get to this point in your life. The only decisions you can change are your decisions in the future.
Following your heart is the best decision you will ever make.
Following your heart is the best decision you will ever make".
The bliss of blessedness!
When you make a commitment to live a life of bliss, everyday is an opportunity to live the dream awake.
You are still the creator of your own destiny. Don't overlook the journey.
One instant, you're just a regular Joe, schlepping through your mundane life, and then suddenly - what is this? - nothing has changed, yet you feel stirred by a grace, swollen with wonder, overflowing with bliss. Everything - for no reason whatsoever - is perfect.
There's nothing more important in this world than caring for a child.
Our little actions of love, when put together, can make a big difference.
Our hands will never be too small for helping those who are in need as long we have the heart to care.
What if there's no town for fifty kilometers?" Said Enoch."The we'll walk for fifty-one kilometers. But I know we weren't blown that far off course.
Let happiness bloom. In the caring love,In the softness of your tender voice,In the nonjudgmental love,In the beauty and pureness of a smile.
If you can't bring yourself to applaud because the performance was lousy, then applaud because it's over. They tried.
If you want success, roll your sleeves up and fight for it!
Men who attain great heights always have few friends but many admirers, while those who ply the lower reaches of fortune often have many friends but scarcely an admirer in sight
For success is for the ignorant That is what makes it original
By wearing cosmetics a woman seeks to look younger or more beautiful than she otherwise would. Honesty doesn't require that she issue a continuous disclaimer: "I see you are looking at my face. Please be aware that I don't look this good first thing in the morning. 
Write for a cause,NOT APPLAUSEWrite to express,NOT TO IMPRESS.Writing isn't just about being noticed.IT'S BEING REMEMBERED
Writing isn't only about a completed piece of work. It's about the writer you're becoming while writing.
Write until your idea becomes reality.
Writing isn't only about a completed piece of work.It's about the writer you're becoming while creating
Writers are sponges. They absorb life, then squeeze and ring it out onto a page. Sometimes, if they squeeze too hard, they dry up. Not hard enough and they remain saturated, heavy and unpredictable, as they carry around a volume of ideas too great for their capacity.
I write because I want express
They wouldn't have picked you to tell their story if you weren't the one.
you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great
I close my eyes and think of what might be possible. And, in my mind, I see fireworks over the Hudson.
That moment when a knot forms in your throat, but you choose to throw your head back and laugh instead.
Wear yourself proudly.
Be what you are, all that you are. Wear yourself proudly. It will require that you draw a line, but that line in the sand is your courage.
Today like yesterday and the day before that, I will strive to achieve what tomorrow and the next day and the day after that, I have tried!
Time,Crawling so slowly, numbing our minds,Boredom, lack of ambition, lost.Passion and it speeds along.The fire burns again.Time,Fast and filled.With passion, no matter how fast time flies away,I am content.Alive.
I was born when he kissed me, I died when he left me, I lived a few weeks while he loved me
Where must we go, we who wander this wasteland, in search of our better selves.
Uh, listen here mister. We got no way understandin' this world. We got about as much sense of it as bird flyin' in the sky. There's a lot that bird don't know, though it don't change the fact the world is happenin' to him all the same. What I'm tryin' to say is, is that the course of your life it is changing, you don't even see it...
Now, clear your minds. It knows what scares you. It has from the very beginning. Don't give it any help, it knows too much already.
Life without decency is unbearable.
You win, not by defeating others, but by performing better than before.
Love is a contact sport you were born to win.
When you are not afraid to fail, you will always win.
Success comes through small daily wins.
You have infiltrated me completely, you make me feel alive Harlow, and I love that feeling. I have had my heart walled off for so long, and you have melted it so I can feel again. ~Beckett
Said Buddha to the hot dog vendor, "make me one with everything.
Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
Bewildered as he might be, sometimes a man's highest calling is simply to stand, and hug.
Authority, without any condition and reservation, belongs to the nation.
until he who possesses sapience comes, the one with knowledge shall be the hero
There is no better way to find out the true heart, honor, and professionalism of a person, than seeing how they handle themselves and others when facing a crisis, disaster or intense level of pressure.
If you are ready to face the fears, take the steps, do the work, be more than you thought you ever could, and attack the dream, what is keeping you? Lose all the excuses and replace them with all the reasons for success. Be the change for yourself. Commit to the dream or quit. There really is no middle ground.
You were ordered to obey to Allah, and you were create to perform good deeds.
A small change can make a big difference. You are the only one who can make our world a better place to inhabit. So, don't be afraid to take a stand .
You may lose many things in the way you have chosen, don't look back but serve your purpose.
The fact that you can do something doesn't mean you are called to do it.
Listen to the needs of your spirit and start living your life with purpose
I follow my own methods, and tell as much or as little as I choose. That is the advantage of being unofficial.
With a bit of luck and a lot of hard work, this writing thing may just pan out.
I suppose we all tend to want the impossible. And sometimes in attempting it we achieve something near enough to the impossible to elicit satisfaction.
I shall always inspire many hearts in timeless moments.
I would have grown up to be a gentleman adventurer if I were more of a gentleman.
Never stick your tongue out at someone you can't lick.
Failure is just success rounded down, my friend!
You know you're not perfect and that's good. Perfect is boring. You have a lot to offer. A lot more to experience and so many things to learn. There are more pages to fill up so act your age.
Life is not always what we want it to be, but we can color it any way we like, in order to make it the perfect painting, even when things look rough, there is someone out there who has it worse than us.
Growing older is mandatory, but growing up is optional.
I can't die yet, honey. I haven't finished counting the stars and don't you know, my darling girl, that you will never be alone, because there is always love, and love lives forever.
Do the new, be the change.
the lessons are best when the pain is worse
You'll make mistakes because it's impossible to know what is or isn't a mistake until it's made.
Accept, forgive and forget. Forgive not only the people who hurt us, but also forgive ourselves, accepting whatever is the outcome, then forget the wrongs, learn from them and move on. Holding on to the guilt and pain would just make life miserable for us.
If you end up with the story you started with, you weren't listening along the way.
People who are detained (held in prison) are locked up by their past, and because you are locked up by your past you are held hostage by your yesterdays. And if you are held hostage by your yesterdays, you cannot see your tomorrows. -- Rev. Earl Smith, author, Death Row Chaplain, creator of IMPACT (Incarcerated Men Putting Away Childish Things)
What seems is not what is. Because, none knows what is left, when it is all right!
Teenagers are complicated and at times stubborn, yes, but we are not dumb. We see the world in a different light than the rest do, and sometimes, we're misunderstood because of it. And that's alright. That must be the definition of 'human being': Misunderstood. But neither of us should tolerate degradation in any of it forms.
As a teenager, I didn't want to be me; I wanted to be many different people. Maybe I realized that they all lived inside me and that if I managed to connect with them, they would become aspects of me.
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity...and some scare see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.-William Blake (1757-1827)
It takes centuries for sense to become common
Postmodernity means the exhilarating freedom to pursue anything, yet mind-boggling uncertainty as to what is worth pursuing and in the name of what one should pursue it.
The meaning of man's existence is not to dominate over others, but to better humanity.
Everyone's on the cliff edge of normal. Everyone finds life an utter nightmare sometimes, and there's no 'normal' way of dealing with it... There is no normal, Evelyn.
Shine with all you have. When someone tries to blow you out, just take their oxygen and burn brighter.
Let's quit trying so hard to be some version of a normal we've never really been.
Standing up for oneself is not always easy but it is often the only way to walk our true life path. The beaten path only gets you where most people go. Be original and explore new roads.
Live like you want, not how others want you to live.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
Don't aspire to be the next somebody else. Be proud and embrace being the first and only you!
Sometimes it takes a lot of courage to be who you are.
The opinions of others should not deter you from being yourself..
Be yourself.Become all that you want to be.You should go as far as you can.There is no limit to what you can achieve.
Life's too short to live someone else's
Don't dilute yourself for any person or any reason. You are enough! Be unapologetically you.
Break the rules, stand apart, ignore your head, and follow your heart,
Pain is slight if opinion has added nothing to it; ... in thinking it slight, you will make it slight. Everything depends on opinion. It is according to opinion that we suffer. A man is as wretched as he has convinced himself that he is.
StillIn the fall, I believe again in poetryif nothing else it isa movement of the mind.Summers ball togetherinto sticky lumps,spring evenings are glass beads from one mouldfor standard-size youth,winter a smooth heaviness, not even cold.But the mind trembleshere, on the brinkthe mind tremblesthere is life, after all,there is life, stillunbelief left.
It's not the fall but the impact...
Things fall apart. But things don't just fall apart. People break them.
His [Luke]letter went something like this: "Dear Mr President, Thank you for introducing me to the Hall of Famers and for showing me the Oval Office. I think if I work really hard I will have a chance for both."The next time I saw the president I told him about my son's ambitious plans. His response was beautiful: "Never get between a boy and his dreams
Fear was the worst evil ever to plague a man, for with it came hesitation and with that, inaction, failure, death.
Each handicap is like a hurdle in a steeplechase, and when you ride up to it, if you throw your heart over, the horse will go along, too.
Life starts from a white hole and ends in a black hole.
And yet, what seems to be the most intimidating now is not an end in itself, but only a means to a greater end. It must be achieved not because it will mark the end of your struggles, but the beginning of your journey towards the real destination. Remember, this end is but a means.
In life, never lose hope that you are nearing a dead end, Only when you reach the end of the road you realize a road to its left and to its right.
Where life ends, peace begins!
Now it is time!" then louder, "Time!"; and then so loud it could have shaken the stars; "TIME." The door flew open.
This is the beginning of the end (talking about the war)... Everyone was saying... But the British Prime Minister said, "This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning." Do you see the difference?
Memory is all that matters in the end
.Fire can heal. Somebody needs to see the light, somebody needs to feel the heat. Burn..
.the fire can heal. Somebody needs to see the light, somebody needs to feel the heat. Burn..
Use time and space; grow slowly into your dreams, infinity will fill you with peace.
Peace's gravitational force - a force of possibility! from Cinderella In Focus
When someone sees the same people every day(...)they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someoneisn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.
When someone sees the same people every day(...)they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own
Marah will come looking for me one day, Kate had said, pressing the journal into my hands. Be with her when she reads it. And my boys. show them these words when they can't remember me.
The first lesson a watcher learns is to separate truth from illusion. Because in the world of magicks, it's the hardest thing to do.
Perhaps to bring good into the world, she needed to mix a little evil in it first.
Well, I guess I kinda worked it out. If there's no great glorious end to all this, if nothing we do matters... , then all that matters is what we do. 'Cause that's all there is. What we do. Now. Today.
It can't be anyone but youI always wondered whyA million "thank you"'s piled upAnd before I knew it, it was loveI was in love with you
Intuition is a sacred voice.
That was the day I made up my mind, I am the voice of those who don't have the strength to cry.
Don't pass my voice, what I said about! If you want to-pack the expression, the context and even the body language with it. Misunderstandings are like by-product of mishandling the whole transportation of what was said.
For the soul-wounded woman. Your healed voice is my favorite sound. Your hurts, they walk right into our hearts; but your story of healing --- that can change lives. Never be afraid to find and use your voice.
The person you are (in total, at that moment in time) is what creates the story you're writing. It's infused in every piece of punctuation, in the plot, in the most minor character who crosses the page. It's all your voice.
THOSE WHO SAID IT CAN'T BE DONE...SHOULDN'T GET IN MY WAY WHILE I'M DOING IT!
You're a survivor because every day you make a choice not to be governed by their harsh words or actions. No one has the right to take away your happiness
Embracing failure is the stepping stone to success
A true leader inspires by being among the people, not above them.
Passion + Persistence + Patience = Success.
An innovative idea is special because only a certain few get to have it
Talking with three people deeply is better than talking with thirty people superficially.
The people who ask questions decide the quality of their conversation.
You know not what you are capable of doing; you cannot sound the ocean of thought within you. You must labor, keep at it, and dig deep and long before you will begin to realize much. Be inactive - mourn because you were not created a giant in intellect, and you will die a fool.
Hope is when against all odds a tiny flame keeps burning for the possibility.
...women, brave as stars at dawn
No, no, my good knight, do not fear for me. The fire is mine. I am Daenerys Stormborn, daughter of dragons, bride of dragons, mother of dragons, don't you see? Don't you SEE?
Oh, why did he slap her when she's a widow, and that annoyed her even more. She said she should not have been slapped because she is a full human being, not because she doesn't have a husband to speak for her.
Occasionally I'll be sitting somewhere and I'll be listening to someone perhaps not saying the kindest things about me. And I'll look down at my hand and I'll sort of pinch my skin to make sure it still has the requisite thickness I know Eleanor Roosevelt expects me to have.
I've spent a lifetime in challenge. There's no way in which you can create any meaningful change unless you do that.
At some point, while you were roaming the globe, making treaties and dividing the spoils of war, I quietly declared my own independence. I am the sovereign nation of Clio now. And there will be no terms of surrender.
If what you do TODAY will define your TOMORROW, then that means the FUTURE is NOW.
I believe that tomorrow never exist, until we make a day called today.
Run after today, lest you run out of tomorrows.
Mornings are like almost clean slates. I say almost clean because the residue of yesterdays is sometimes stuck on them.
You cannot live your life in ifs and maybes...you cannot live it in week commencings. You live it right here. You live it now.
Funny to think that every day you have ever lived is a yesterday, and you will never live one single tomorrow. But then again, every day is a today when you're living it.
Failure is the new success.
This is our Country, there is nobody else who is going to come from outside to defend us. We need to wake up and defend ourselves to make this Country a beautiful and better Country for all of us.
I got nothing to lose cause i got nothing.
When you're used to having nothing, nothing becomes your everything, and you never really want for anything. But it's a double-edged sword, because there's the danger of becoming complacent, becoming too happy with that nothing, because you've never known anything better. Complacency is the death of dreams, and freedom.
Shadow crawled across the floor to the yellow foam-rubber pad and climbed onto it, pulling the thin blanket over himself, and closed his eyes, and he held onto nothing, and he held onto dreams.
Every novel is an attempt to capture time, to weave something solid out of air. The author knows it is an impossible task - that is why he keeps on trying.
I think: perhaps the sky is a huge sea of fresh water and we, instead of walking under it, walk on top of it; perhaps we see everything upside down and the earth is a kind of sky, so that when we die, when we die, we fall and sink into the sky.The Implacable Order of Things
Slow down to speed up. Anonymous
If I would have known I was going to leave my job that day to become a writer, I probably would have planned differently... It didn't come by way of illness per se, accident, or dismissal, but by way of sheer self-mutiny. The self I was born to be, decided to hijack the one I had created.
Life is like a blank page, copying manuscript written Backstage.
Wish and Wisdom are pals. Wisdom consoles at the fall of Wish and Wish cheers up when Wisdom is at wrong foot!
Shout for libraries. Shout for the young readers who use them.
Libraries are not facing crisis, they are in crisis.
There's so much proscription in the lives of young people, and it's so vital to have a place that says, look, here are the doors onto the world and amazingly, you're free to choose any one you like. - Patrick Ness on Libraries
Libraries are a tremendous and valuable resource, and I'm note sure it's possible to have too many of them.
when the press and problems of humanity become too much, I love to escape into books, where people are served up in digestible portions and can be pushed to one side when one is satiated.
Be the difference that makes the difference!
If you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without every having noticed it.
The paradox of quantum physics in the 21st Century, awakens us to the realisation that "nothing matters" in and of itself. That nothing can be stated with certainty; but everything is just a mathematical probability occurring in an instance of space-time convergence, which forms our objective reality in the present moment.
Don't let the Sun go down on you today. Be the light instead, that shines forth and touches everyone's shadow, awakening them to that light.
New Beginnings are in order, and you are bound to feel some level of excitement as new chances come your way.
When your mind is still and undisturbed by stimulation, the true nature naturally shines out and you can directly see what you really are.
We cannot change outcomes, but we can change causes
If fear is holding you back in life, you must attack it, Kate. Not make excuses about why you cannot attempt what you wish to do. That you can't because you're a woman. Especially you, given that your parents educated you as a son.
Don't let yesterday's storm keep you from enjoying today's sunshine.
The miracle lies in the newness of a morning.
If you work you will never go hungry.
I cried because sometimes no matter what you try to hide behind- letters or texts or emails or a busy schedule- life still finds a way to barrel through all the distractions. And life still hurts. Even though it's beautiful.
There are no conditions to which a man cannot become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
There is always a way out, as there is a way in
They all had defining color running through their gray existence.
I never told anyone this before but my Layla is my rain.
All everyone is trying to do is create a better life for the human race. Why can't everyone stop fighting and start working together to accomplish that?
I go to de One who says silver n gold is Mine
Evening's soft solitude Surrounds the dayEmitting precious peace.
Most of us don't win instantly.Instant wins usually don't last.Real wins come slow.Real wins don't come easy,But they do come.And when we win,It is extraordinary!
You can't be born again, but you can change.
May you have the courage to choose love over hate.
Until we align our minds with our souls,we will continue to grieve for our highest selves as individuals, a society, and as a world family.
The character of society coincides with how we treat our most vulnerable members of society.
To every person who has never experienced genuine love and kindness, may you still have the strength to find the love and light that exists within your soul to give, thrive, and shine.
Be equal to your talent, not your age. At times let the gap between them be embarrassing.
To want a gift and not receive it,that is a life of torture. To have a gift and lose it--that is eternal hell.
Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way.
we will always be with u. we internalize traits we observe in others as a way to honor and remeber them. we are all living memorials
Be careful how you live your life, millions are watching you. You may be inspiring or uninspiring many.
A legacy is not about what you did while you were there it is what happens when you are gone
We have an infinite ability to make an impact but we have a finite time here to make a difference and to leave some sort of legacy
A childhood filled with adventures, happiness and unabated love.If only I could remember ...
In a society... so madly in love with oxymoron's... ask yourself this... ...when was the last time you ever bought anything for free?
I wish social disparity has long gone, people can be genuine, and news can be fact-based and error-free.
Why do I always forget that traffic is a social affair?
Rise above sectional interests and private ambitions, and learn to determine the value of your individual and collective action, however directed on material ends, in the light of the ideal which you are supposed to represent. Pass from matter to spirit. Matter is diversity; spirit is light, life and unity.
Life is too short to care about what other people says and thinks about you. So live life and give them something to talk about.
Centuries-old wounds are still raw because they never healed right in the first place. Here is the essential truth. We are better together than we are apart.
In diversity is life and where there's life there's hope, was the general sum of his creed, a modest one to be sure.
Every true man  sir  who is a little above the level of the beasts and plants  lives so as to give a meaning and a value to his own life.
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.
For every man there exists a bait which he cannot resist swallowing.
The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Discontent is the first step in progress. No one knows what is in him till he tries  and many would never try if they were not forced to.
All progress is based upon a universal  innate desire on the part of every living organism to live beyond its income.
It is the spur of ignorance  the consciousness of not understanding  and the curiosity about that which lies beyond that are essential to our progress.
One starts an action simply because one must do something.
What you are must always displease you  if you would attain to that which you are not.
If you're good to your staff when things are going well  they'll rally when times go bad.
Praise out of season  or tactlessly bestowed  can freeze the heart as much as blame.
The pitcher cries for water to carry and a person for work that is real.
Beware of trying to accomplish anything by force.
Although my father had never been there, I came to believe I would someday see that city for him.
Sometimes emotion is gentle, like rain feeding the river to nourish life, but sometimes it explodes like a rainstorm whose floodwaters wipe out bridges and homes.
Unprocessed intense emotion goes underground and creates a subconscious block that can be released as soon as the original event is integrated in the mind, heart, and body.
I changed the course of my disease with the power of my mind.
Most people with new ideas are ridiculed . until they succeed!
Time is the most valuable commodity we have to offer the world. Don't be afraid to share.
Sometimes, situation may be uncomfortable but must endure.
... sometimes in life, you either laugh or you cry. And I prefer to laugh.
Because, life's too short, my friends. Let's squeeze in as many laughs as we can get.
There will come a time in life, when you have to take decisions from your own. Choose wisely.As whatever you choose, will require your complete time & attention.So you must need to trust yourself,whenever you have to make a life's decision.
Because even when there is no hope, somehow you can still find a place to pin inside the things that you need.
That is why we climb. We climb to reach safety. We climb to reach hope.
Monsters almost always are culture's way of working out their fears.
This was in the good old days, when monsters were fantasy.
You will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
Play hard. Play, play, play like your life depends on it. Because it does.
c.	So, hunny, don't waste your time trying to label or define me.'cause I'm not what I was ten years ago or ten minutes ago. I'm all of that and then some. And whereas I can't live inside yesterday's pain, I can't live without it.
Finish the work, otherwise an unfinished work will finish you.
Slaying dragons, melting witches, and banishing demons is all fun and games until someone loses a sidekick-then it's personal. The bad guy isn't just the bad guy anymore, he's the BAD GUY!
Words are the bones. Writing is the lungs. Reading is like breathing.
To my mind, the most important thing in any form of fiction is the human element, but only if it takes us beyond the everyday, into situations that examine the complexities that may fascinate or puzzle us. To dwell on the mundane as some kind of a writing exeercise is useless.
Any thing is interesting if you can communicate it. There are no unimportant subjects for the enlivened mind.
Be proud of your struggles. Adversity brings out the best in us.
Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes." ~ ' They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes." -
Never explain, never retract, never apologize. Just get the thing done and let them howl.
As you get to thirty, the main thing is to not be sensible.
This is the world as it is. This is where you start.
My rights are not derived from any government. My rights are not denied by any majority. My rights are because I exist.
Dont ever be impressed with goal setting; be impressed with goal getting. Reaching new goals and moving to a higher level of performance always requires change, and change feels awkward. But take comfort in the knowledge that if a change doesn't feel uncomfortable, then it's propably not really a change.
You've got choices, like any other creature. You can stumble down that road, pretending you can't help it. You can curl up and die of regret and sorrow for what you've done. Or you can get up and fight, even though the battle might be lost.-Finn
If expecting something in return is your reason for giving, you are really not giving- you're swapping. If you receive something in return for your gift, what you receive is a bonus - not a repayment of a debt.
life is really generous to those who pursue their Personal Legend
No one can steal your joy from you, but you...take your power back!
Sometimes an adventure is a mundane thing. A trip to the shore with your best friend. Learning you can laugh in unearthly ways.
Thank You!' is the most powerful vibration you can send out into the Universe.
Who can believe in illusion even if we all live the Illusion of Life?
Who can say that he is not everything?
There's a 'me' in every 'you'.
You can just be your self's stranger, never its friend, because you are mortal and it is immortal!
We must learn to see it in many ways, so that when one of the ways of looking hurts us, we can take refuge in another way of looking. You must always love the city.
Who can play without wanting to succeed even with a sentimentally gain?
Do not waste the moment of your life which comes together with death because you will bitterly regret the alienation of your own self.
No tiredness can destroy hope like death can, as the absolute fatigue of life.
We can never succeed in knowing our own self without holidays and anniversaries.
Heroes are the saints of every nation.
Being brave in front of faith does not mean to be humble before death.
No one can be alone when he befriends with the forgotten stranger inside him.
Nothing can be more painful than the cry of the word which gave us the inspiration to dream of love.
Being is the greatest paradox of life in front of death.
We are a being only through our Illusion of Life.
We will never be more than we are meant to be!
Over done forgotten gone now my troubles will move on.
Wise people do not claim to know it all, they always choose to learn from others.
But that's precisely how stupidity flourishes; in bunches, in fast-growing weeds that choke delicately nurtured knowledge.
Events don't make a person interesting. It's who they are and what's inside them that makes them interesting.
Don't be hasty.
You cant hire body guards against punches of life but constant prayers can lessen the impact & pain of each punch
The greatest triumph is victory over all trials.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson's Law of Objectivity States that You must be aware of who you are and your ability to do all things right by yourself and have all things turn out well for you, without distortion through personal feelings, prejudices or interpretations in order to make your mark in a way that is free from any subjective preference.
I don't like to sugarcoat, it can cause an addiction to B.S.
You must be a starter and a finisher, the slogan press on has solved a lot of problem.
The most essential step in marketing your services is selecting an occupation you can throw yourself into wholeheartedly.
Those who neglect the lessons of their past are doomed to no future.
I am not responsible for what another man thinks. I do claim responsibility for helping another man think
Every thought creates a plan,every decision creates a way forward, every action brings forth tangible assets. Everything starts from the mind my friend.
Dreamers and thinkers believe in innovative ideas and they become the greatest students of all time.
Within the whispers of love, I found my heart. Within a glimmer from a ray, I found my soul. Within both, I found myself.
You see, my son, a city is all about how you look at it...We must learn to see it in many ways, so that when one of the ways of looking hurts us, we can take refuge in another way of looking. You must always love the city.
Coolness ebbs and flows.Whoever is cool today may not be cool today
Everyone of us has a high mountain to climb and a deep valley to level but the only thing makes us different to each other is the way we deal with these obstacles.
If someone grabs you in the street, hit hard and fast, because you may not get a second chance.
With faith one attains and realises peace and harmony. With doubt one destroys and gains freedom to move ontowards.
Keep the enthusiasm of your youth and treasure the wisdom of old age.
Love is the key to everything, because it is the force that keeps and maintains everything.
Ignorance is bliss. Wisdom is blisters.
Let your words to be a cushion to those who are around you, especially to those who are in a vulnerable state.
We need to strive for more than normality because normality brings lack of fruitfulness, lack of growth, lack of increase and lack of success.
I've learned something peculiar in my life, every time rejection comes on my way; my break through shows up. Now I'm sort of enjoying rejection, so bring it on, I'm ready to celebrate my break through and I'm grateful to those who reject me.
Learning is the chief goal to those who aim high in life.
Love is a powerful device that builds the broken bridges.
Teachable spirit makes you crave for more wisdom and knowledge.
Those who have teachable spirit get wiser and wiser daily.
Learning is a life time journey that opens flood gates of opportunities.
He said slowly, You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.
I am a learner, my desire is to be a good listener and to have a teachable spirit in my life time.
You could feel hurt and rejected right now but you must know that both pain and rejection are not here to stay. They just passing by and they'll never take away the burning fire that resides in you called desire.
Spirit of excellence can take you to the place of favor.
Authenticity is the back bone of every dream and the source of open doors.
Dreamers do not believe in power, they believe in imagination the source of creativity.
Dream chasers are full of strength, are full of desire, are passionate and they cling unto their dreams until they produce life.
The dreams we dream today will be the light to the generation to come.
Knowledge and wisdom are both the signs of hunger and thirst of creativity.
The most important thing to do when writing a book is to finish it.
Each day is a new opportunity to make ourselves better. Don't wait for things to change, become the change.
Poverty is a condition that resides in the heart . . . not in the wallet.
live a death, die a death
Uproot the spirit of reluctancy out of your life and invest the spirit of stickability in this year of 2014.
Acknowledge what i mean, and not what say
She sat for a few minutes in the company of her bitter regrets...
Keep dreaming because your dream will be the message that brings change to the others.
Dreamers strive to live life to the fullest abilities and they fight for their dreams.
Freedom is that which comes from knowledge, the freedom that comes from curiosity, the freedom that comes from the times when the first man did not refuse to look into a telescope and discovered other planets, the freedom that comes from those who tried relentlessly when all others said it was impossible. It is in this freedom that deviance has its roots.
Sometimes you have to go to the bottom in order to start at the Top.
You do not have to respond to a tiny annoying mosquito with a large hammer. You know what will happen? You will miss and hurt yourself.
Dreamers have sharp ears like spear and sharp eyes like an eagle.
If you cannot change your circumstances, then change your attitude.
A mentor is a trusted teacher that develops lives of the vulnerable ones.
You don't need to blow the trumpet when you accomplished something because your work, your action will speak itself.
Quit living for the world, live for yourself just you alone because it's starts with you.
Let your kindness, your compassion and your listening ear speaks itself.
Even the pool of ink could be dried out and writing papers could be burnt to ashes forever but the spoken word will never die so as the editor.
As a mentor you have to learn how to tackle the past of your mentee, be able to put it to sleep and focus to the promising future of him/her.
Whether it be training, dieting, working out, or work ethic, for every great excuse "Not" to do something, there are 100 "better" reasons for you to do it.
Those who haven't visualise their dreams yet talk about people and things but those who already grasped their dreams talk about desires and ideas.
A great quality of your preparation will manifest on your performance.
... because one kingdom goes to war with another, it does not mean all citizens of that kingdom agree with it. It is not always they have a choice.
Time vanquishes even the strongest of strongholds.
my world is different from all of you because ,you all wanna rule your circle and i wanna rule all the circles
Brains will always conquer brawn, in the end. The soldiers can flex their muscles all they want, but the well-thought-out tactics of the generals are what win the war.
To be a great dreamer you have to keep pushing and pushing through this crowded world.
Be creative, be inventive minded, dream bigger that's the way to the promised land (your destiny).
I believe every single person on this planet is a dreamer but you have to make a vigorous effort to make it in life.
Rising and falling of my journey made me strive for more in life.
Dreamers are full of inventive minds, willing to find new possibilities and new ways to grow in life.
Positive thinking can move mountains, fill up valleys and it can make dry bones to become alive again.
One positive idea can solve the situation you in, can make a massive difference and change your life forever.
The effort you put forth in whatever you do is directly proportional to the results you produce.
Creativity is making regret free mistakes, Wisdom is knowing which ones have value
The best help we can offer the youth of today is to prepare them for tomorrow.
Sexual attraction is common, Mind rapport is a blessing, and a Soul connection is a gift from the Divine."-Serena Jade
Love creates acceptance, respect, passion and security.
The mind has the Propensity to Excel along the Path of least resistance thereby ostracising other equally important "concepts" It is this lack of restrictions of the mind that separates our intellectually aptitude
Every word, every sentence, every poem and every chapter of a book I have written came from the bottom of my heart, it's very special and very unique to me.
Creativity is a massive and the sharpest voice that reaches every corner of the globe.
Creativity is the work of your hands or the work of your tongue so you have to be careful what you say because it would cost you big time.
Every right decision you create opens a wide gate to your destiny.
Try to create a wall of inspiration around yourself in order to succeed in life.
Don't think needlessly, think wisely, and your thoughts will emit positive vibes through out you, and the Universe.
We were all created to dream and conquer.
What ever you do, try to do it perfectly because the world is watching you; every step and every move you make. It's ready to crush you down or to build you up. That's the world for you.
Every journey we take requires a good pair of wellingtons because there are some thorns and puddles along the way.
Often times it isn't the quality of your candidates, it's the quality of your interview.
Be Free!, That I want to Be !
Years teach us days don't understand.
But cycling is less a hobby than it is a discipline with the potential to transform you. It brings balance.
Do something that feels good in the mornings! It will help you to setup your day to take in more knowledge and understanding, which ultimately leads to wisdom.
Wisdom is knowing the right path to take. Integrity is taking it.
You are always born under the wrong sign, and to live in this world properly you have to rewrite your own horoscope day by day.
A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor.
Stick on your originality, yes I know few people will call you a boring person but millions will fall in love with you because of your authenticity.
pussy pothel pussy pothel wer had u been i have been inside the pussy to see the depth ....pussy pothel pussy pothel wat did u do there .....i have been in and out in and out to show my length...lolzzzzzzzzzzzz,,
When you decide to appreciate something, no matter how subtle, you absolutely do pivot and shift your vibration significantly.
Everything in the seen world is a dim reflection or representation of the unseen world.
No matter how you arrive at the awareness and belief that you've lived before and will live again, the most lasting healing benefit will be the change in your attitude. You are creating your future lives right at this moment, and every moment of decision-making.
Humility is one of the best expressions of self respect.
Look to the past only to find ways to improve your present and future, never to find regrets. Don't let what has happened in the past limit your life now. Let your past expand your life.
don't want to regret than don't forget to enjoy
Look forward, not back," the Hag said. "All is change. Do not regret. Instead, learn.
I won't say anything that I will regret tomorrow
No regrets. There is no time for that. Regret is boring.
Deep down within the heart there is a stillness which is healing, a trust in the universal laws which is unwavering, and a strength which is rock-like. But because it is so deep we need both patience and perseverance when digging for it.
How much more infinite a sea is man? Be not so childish as to measure him from head to foot and think you have found his borders.
I am my own muse. I am the subject I know best. The subject I want to know better.
The greatest of empires, is the empire over one's self.
Bitterness is the cancer of bones.
Everyday is a good day, even when things are hard because we are still here, still fighting to live among the latter.
Bad news doesn't hurt as much, if you hear it in good company. It's like, if somebody pushes you out of a 5th floor window and you bounce off an awning, a car roof, and a pile of plastic garbage bags before you smash onto the pavement, you've got a pretty good chance of surviving.
I am the sky and nothing can stick to me. The sky is open and vast and stays unchanged no matter what; it is always the sky. A storm can roll through it, an airplane can roar through, and it is always the sky.
When one person gets cancer, the whole family gets cancer.
Life is too precious to waste any of it regretting the past.
For whatever time I have to live, I intend to enjoy myself." - Midge Rylander in Eighteen Months To Live.
We learn to appreciate what we achieve, no matter how small the achievement, because we do it ourselves. - Midge Rylander in Eighteen Months To Live
It is vanity to chase the whirlwind.
Vanity dulls the senses.
Why do you chase the wind?
Humility is the only defence against vanity
-a knowledgeable man is a free man, or at least a man who longs for freedom.
Emotions are like passing storms, and you have to remind yourself that it won't rain forever.
The Book Highlights and Attacks areas of Inefficiency and Hypocrisy in Government Offices. It injects the much-need Enema into its Highly Constipated System.
A Book for the Service Minded as well as the Government Bashers, on How to Be and How Not to Be.
Courage, kindness and a great determination to succeed in life with a smile were hallmarks of my wonderful wife. And why her story deserves to be told.
Perhaps once in a lifetime we meet someone who has the ability to inspire us in one brief meeting, who can confront not one but two life-threatening illnesses with remarkable courage - and instil hope in others in the face of the greatest adversity.Jennifer Roberts had all of those qualities - and so many more.
The difference between doing something and not doing something is doing something.
It's strange how things seem to come full circle. You know what I mean? I'm sure you do. The way your life seems to drift along with no set path, then something good happens to you and you can trace the line that brought you there back to a specific disappointment or rejection you suffered in the past. It's nice that things can level out that way.
Yet how could I not have believed Hitler a genius and unique when every day I saw and heard how the major personalities of the Reich fawned over him and worshipped him with total devotion.
May be you find out I could be useful getting people out of camps and prisons in Germany - just before they got shot. I should love to do it and I like to jump out of a plane even every day.
Love is a fine mingling of holding on and letting go.
I have seen the sea lashed into fury and tossed into spray, and its grandeur moves the soul of the dullest man; but I remember that it is not the billows, but the calm level of the sea, from which all heights and depths are measured.
Never engage in gossip, it kills your soul, and wounds another's heart
Gossips are like ants she caressed his head the moment you spot one, there are already many anthills around but don't look for them because if you do, you'll find them and they in turn would bite you and cause you pain, and pain would cause you to lose focus.
There it was, happiness in a backward glance: happiness and the certainty of hope.
Geography and mileage mean nothing. Separate is a single word that covers all distances that aren't together.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.
Do your little bit of good where you are it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.