Reusability is essential. A rocket that is single use is just as absurd as a single use airplane. F9 engines already fire 3 times per flight.
Well, I do care very much about sustainability of civilization, but there is some truth to the irony part haha
Yes, in plan. Superchargers and public high power wall connectors will keep growing exponentially every year.
Doing range testing now. Number will be significantly higher than 300. Extremely good for any EV, especially an SUV.
We have reduced pricing on Model Y LR dual motor & will offer a LR single motor Y in a few months, which improves affordability, while still keeping the product excellent
It may be able to reach 250kW at low states of charge
No, as range would be unacceptably low (< 250 mile EPA)
Hell of a ride!
That is the near-term danger of AI
Maybe he should design flag of Mars
48 65 78 20 74 6f 20 74 65 78 74
In general, we need to improve how podcasts play
Death is the loss of information
Probably a good one to design & engineer in Germany
Berlin Model Y is the one to watch. That is a revolution in automotive body engineering (finally).
Wow, IHOP & GitHub are close
Sorry, should hopefully be soon!
No easy way to answer this in a tweet, but helping with dire brain injuries is our first priority. Details Aug 28.
AI symbiosis while u wait
Make sure to read ur terms & conditions before clicking accept!
Progress update August 28
Tesla China team is awesome!
Words are a very lossy compression of thought
If you get past Mars, the asteroids, moons of Jupiter & Saturn, inevitably you reach Uranus!
Thank goodness for modern medicine!
I bought a pair of XL
Also true. Haha you rock!
Lord of the Rings
Age of Napoleon, so far. The first books are a little dry. Gets much better when Ariel is co-author.
Read The Story of Civilization by Will & Ariel Durant
Dang, we broke the website
Limited edition short shorts now available at
Yes haha, we will soon be short of short shorts
Yeah, but first we need to finish Giga Berlin and a second US Giga to serve eastern half of North America
It may have started already
Beautiful fireworks in LA tonight
He is a mind virus for fools
North American Supercharger usage is now at pre-covid high, Europe about a week behind, China & Asia-Pacific in general doing great pic.twitter.com/bRd0egaC1t
Sorry to hear about this. Hope you get back to orbit soon. Rockets are hard.
You have my full support!
Please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. It is the only way to maintain public discourse.
That would be great
Accounts that unequivocally advocate harassment should be suspended with warning, then shut down if repeated
Thanks, that would promote good public discourse
A pseudojourno asked all his followers to spam my mentions
I only block people as a direct insult pic.twitter.com/KWW9GCvQGb
Yes. Green card (permanent residency) is fine too for SpaceX, according to ITAR rules.
Yeah, Tesla app would enable you to release your car into the fleet & summon it back at will
Directly, my companies employ roughly 65,000 people. However, there is a massive global supply & logistics chain that employs 4 to 5 times that number.
RWD is slightly more efficient, but dual motor AWD is faster & more agile
Thanks for hosting me in Tulsa today!
Greenspan is crackers, bananas, barky & ten cards short of a full deck
Others will probably pass human trials first, but this machine is pretty special for generalized vaccine production. Was originally intended for rabies, which is a very tricky virus.
Unfortunately, there are thousands of automotive design rule differences between US & EU, including completely different charge ports. Gets worse every year. Not our choice.
Deaths continue to trend down pic.twitter.com/FsZNwkvs1H
Klippenstein has gone full twitter troll. Big mistake. Never go full troll!
Oh yeah, Klip Einstein, pseudojournalist & douche-about-town
This is false. I have never introduced either of them to anyone.
Sure, we will aim to do a cross-country drive with Cybertruck later this year
Thank goodness! Front license plates make my eyes bleed.
Will send some to the Shortseller Enrichment Commission to comfort them through these difficult times
Should have a free trade agreement with US. No tariffs at all either way.
He wore them well. No denying it.
Tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
Sellers of medium height or above are fine
Those dang budgie smugglers!!
You cherry-picked one state out of fifty, which saw a minor uptick. Show the whole country.
Yes, Angela, please show us the graphs/data that prove your point
Lithium is common. Hard part is turning lithium salt or clay into extremely pure LiOH.
Yes, at Tesla Grohmann
Tesla, as a side project, is building RNA microfactories for CureVac & possibly others
In principle, I think synthetic RNA (and DNA) has amazing potential. This basically makes the solution to many diseases a software problem.
Crassus was a dick
Hell of a decade
I love Texas! Starship production complex is in Boca Chica & SpaceX engine development has been in McGregor for almost 18 years.
Aiming for 10km with lots of turns to better approximate a real-world tunnel
You just have to be a shareholder. There is limited space, so sign up fast when we do final confirmation of date & location.
We need to finish building a much longer vacuum tunnel for speed tests & probably have an additional competition for tunneling itself
All questions will be answered on Battery Day, Sept 15th. Will be webcast, although there is much to see in person.
Starlink will provide global coverage
Worth discussing at annual shareholders meeting
This bill needs to be revoked. It gives absurd power to county bureaucrats.
If accurate, this would explain a lot
There are a lot of C19 false positives messing up the numbers. Even tests with 5% false positive rate (in *field*, not lab) would show up as ~17 million fake C19 cases even if there were actually none.
Good hygiene always makes sense
Cybertruck does feel like cgi irl
There are a ridiculous number of false positive C19 tests, in some cases ~50%. False positives scale linearly with # of tests. This is a big part of why C19 positive tests are going up while hospitalizations & mortality are declining. Anyone who tests positive should retest.
Btw, Tesla actually receives *least* subsidies of any automaker in US. Federal tax credit applies to other automaker EVs, but no longer Tesla.
69 days after 4/20 again haha
Physics favors electric transport, batteries for stationary storage & solar/wind for energy generation
Major Supercharger increases are underway for the greater LA area
Verified should be far more widespread, simply that someone is who they claim to be
Giga Berlin is gonna rock!
Glad you like it!
Who controls the memes, controls the Universe
Only a matter of time before someone steals a Tesla while playing GTA on a Tesla
Very meta, but yes
North American Supercharger usage tracking to exceed pre covid highs in 2 to 3 weeks. Lot of noise out there. This is signal. pic.twitter.com/PCC5DlthtA
I think we could make that work
Exactly! A carbon tax is needed to correct the unpriced externality & market will do the rest. The consequences of slow action are serious. In my opinion, we need to convert >80% of the global road, sea & air fleet to renewables by 2050.
Could be slightly faster
Two Starship tanks in the midbay pic.twitter.com/QJ2V882WOC
Special thanks to Tesla trucking & rail partners for figuratively & literally going the extra mile
Yes, it is designed to serve the least-served
Yes, although Starlink works best for low population density situations
Canada is a major priority for Starlink!
September sounds about right
Takes longer to get regulatory approvals in Europe, plus way more diverse traffic signs, lights & road rules
Timing is uncertain, given externalities, but yes
Very much disagree with this action. In my experience, these skillsets are net job creators. Visa reform makes sense, but this is too broad.
Will be changed to $3k until July 1st
Tentative date for Tesla Shareholder Meeting & Battery Day is Sept 15. Will include tour of cell production system.
Done. Now $2k via in-app purchase.
Reminder that Tesla Full Self-Driving (FSD) price goes up by $1k on July 1st
Enabling basic Tesla Autopilot via Tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until July 1
Entirely possible. Social media is a limbic amplifier, which inherently destabilizes civilization.
Ensure future of Earth & extend life sustainably to other planets
2019 seems so quaint & long ago pic.twitter.com/xfdfcbr0DS
There are no signs of intelligent life
Luck is the best superpower
That is our purpose
We must pass The Great Filter
Agreed, although best is no out of service stalls
Mars is my souldog
If heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
Will follow up by tomorrow
Will do. I play PC, so missed some of console exclusives.
Deus Ex / Half-Life 2 / Bioshock / Mass Effect 2 / Fallout 3 & New Vegas / Saints Row IV
There will be a subscription, but it will be economically better to have bought FSD
This does sound excessive. Will look into it.
Haha Teslas all the way down
We could probably make a fun punch (click) buggy game, with extra points for rare Teslas
The was not to outcompete other companies, but rather to maximize usefulness & rate of progress in the absolute
For example, we created a chip design team from scratch for the Tesla full self-driving computer, which is not something car companies do
Tesla should really be thought of as roughly a dozen technology startups, many of which have little to no correlation with traditional automotive companies
We are putting a lot of effort into improving the Tesla China experience with local engineering & great feedback from Tesla owners in China!
Cool, lmk what we can do to improve the product, especially vehicle software/firmware, app & overall interaction with Tesla, as these changes can immediately improve the entire fleet
Feels so long ago
Pulling up to The Petersen
We will add one more PTO day after the annual review next quarter
It will look a little odd
Yes, but we will have to postpone annual shareholder meeting, as still no large gatherings allowed by July 7th. Not sure of new date, but am guessing maybe a month or so later.
It does require use of a paid-time-off day, which is true of many other holidays
Juneteenth is henceforth considered a US holiday at Tesla & SpaceX
Opening in about two weeks
Reaching chamber pressure of 300 atmospheres
We are considering several options
Tesla has an option to purchase this land, but has not exercised it
Renewable energy is happening fast
Comes standard with Cybertruck
It will be real
There will be many test flights before commercial passengers are carried. First Earth to Earth test flights might be in 2 or 3 years.
We need to be far enough away so as not to bother heavily populated areas. The launch & landing are not subtle. But you could get within a few miles of the spaceport in a boat.
US law requires at least a green card to be hired at SpaceX, as rockets are considered advanced weapons technology
No problem, we can buff it out
Fairing reuse is looking good
So where are the aliens?
No larger pack Model 3 is in development
All Model S cars made since late Jan have 402 mile range. This is just making it official.
China & Asia Pacific Supercharger usage above pre-covid highs. North America catching up fast. Europe slightly behind. pic.twitter.com/Em23E2AFyO
It will get even simpler. Just two instructions for Starlink: plug in & point at sky. Can be done in either order.
Acceptable, if your drivetrain is very efficient & you add a little manga
Exactly. Chartering a dedicated 747 flight around the world costs less than buying a small, single engine turboprop plane. In the same way, a giant reusable rocket flight is way cheaper than a tiny expendable rocket that can be used only once.
I thought this was an Onion article
I got the fuel cell question about 8000 times
Exactly, fuel cells = fool sells
Tesla factory workplace safety is 5% better than industry average for manufacturers & improving fast pic.twitter.com/axmInA9fZb
Important technical note: due to higher O/F of CH4 vs RP1 (oxygen is dense) & significant density increase of subcooled CH4 (plus no common dome insulation needed), plus cryo strength bump of CH4, tank mass of CH4/O2 stage is almost same as RP1/O2.
We could never reach 380 Isp with RP/kerosene. CH4 has higher Isp potential on paper, but even better in practice. With CH4, you can reach >99% of max theoretical combustion efficiency, but RP is ~97% on a good day & requires desooting of turbines between flights.
After which they are recycled pic.twitter.com/xuu1ohdz52
Tesla batteries are lasting much longer than 200k miles / 320k km pic.twitter.com/z882nf6yv9
Moreover, energy produced by Tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories pic.twitter.com/IDqf5gWeFt
Electric cars produce *much* less CO2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission & vehicle production into acount pic.twitter.com/tsk9TXgW67
Haha. Will post summary.
Combined with SpaceX deep subcooling of propellants to near liquefaction temp of N2, use of common dome (CH4 & O2 liquid at similar temps) & higher T/W of engines enables de facto higher delta-V than an H2/O2 stage
Maybe I should retweet the top four or five point. What caught your eye the most?
Forward thrusters are to stabilize ship when landing in high winds. If goal is max payload to moon per ship, no heatshield or flaps or big gas thruster packs are needed. No need to bring early ships back. They can serve as part of moon base alpha.
Outcome-based contracting with multiple competitors is vastly better than cost-plus (especially if sole-sourced), as the former rewards results & latter rewards waste. Outcome contracting should be applied broadly within government. The difference in results will be incredible.
Mars has an amazing amount of water ice
Yeah. Even stacking on the pad will be quite an adventure!
Creating the production system is >1000% harder than building one rocket. This is the truly hard thing.
Pursuing all three. Hard to say right now.
Lot has happened since then!
3600 tons of propellant, almost 80% of which is densified liquid oxygen
Yeah, for Super Heavy stacking
Giant high bay coming soon
Starship Production Complex Boca Chica, Texas pic.twitter.com/pd4ka93bv5
What a cute & happy dog!
Big line at the barbershop
I guess more people need to get more involved in the party primaries (which is a chore)
The gerontocracy is out of touch with the people
This will probably get me into trouble, but I feel I have to say it
Order a Tesla online in 2 mins at
Methalox is the right propellant. Should be staged combustion & highly reusable.
About a dozen transfer windows, so ~25 years
Wow, hard to believe that was 10 years ago!
Jack is doing his best. I support him.
Time to break up Amazon. Monopolies are wrong!
So many war stories over 18 eventful years! But Starship can make life multiplanetary, which is what really matters for safeguarding the light of consciousness & life as we know it. 100X improvement over Falcon/Dragon.
Off Twitter for a while
Starship is the key to making life multiplanetary & protecting the light of consciousness
Definitely not right that the other officers were charged with nothing. What message does this send in general to officers who stand by while another does wrong? #JusticeForGeorge
Brought home by same person who placed it there almost a decade ago
Congratulations Bob & Doug on docking & hatch opening on @Space_Station!
5 mins to T-0
Proceeding with countdown today, weather cancellation risk ~50%
Worth noting that, as of Jan 1, Tesla buyers no longer received any federal tax credit. Model 3 led despite this disadvantage.
We slowed down a bit to allow Supercharger V3 production to get going, but now will speed up!
More Superchargers coming soon!
Yeah, Atlantic weather review tomorrow morning will determine if we can launch
Feels so long ago
I sure hope so!
Sorry to hear that. Orbit is hard. Took us four attempts with Falcon 1.
Cute as a button
5 years ago. We need to accelerate progress towards fully reusable rockets. Cost per ton to orbit needs to improve by >1000% from where Falcon is today for there to be a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Mars needs to happen soon
Made on Earth by humans
Haha true! Hard to convey tone in tweets. Many people would probably be a lot less upset if they heard me speak the words.
Astronauts to orbit in 5 days!!
The medium is the message pic.twitter.com/IOu4JogVmF
New New Hampshire license plate?
Open your eyes, look up to the skies
Jay *really* knows cars! Next-level.
Mission control at the Cape
Much harder problem than it may seem
Culmination of a truly incredible amount of work by @SpaceX & @NASA engineering, along with support of all International @Space_Station countries
Astronauts to orbit next week!
More fun, less shun!
The FSD price will continue to rise as the software gets closer to full self-driving capability with regulatory approval. It that point, the value of FSD is probably somewhere in excess of $100,000.
Tesla Full Self-Driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on July 1st. Order a Tesla online in less than 2 minutes at
Zach made a significant contribution to SpaceX & is a friend. I wish him well as he tries something new.
Great. Just sleeps & eats, overall pretty chill.
When u take DayQuil & NyQuil at same time pic.twitter.com/7AMLLMsBZK
Pretty good, how are you?
I still only own 0.25 Bitcoins btw
Making great candy is harder than it seems!
Maximize the freedom of action of the people
The Age of Napoleon by Will & Ariel Durant is an amazing book
A few weeks away
Totally. Collective mind control by stoking fear.
Marx vs Adam Smith -> Adam Smith for the win. Not even close.
Yes, improvement is exponential
More or less crazy than reality itself?
I said run for office, not president (sigh). Who even owns Newsweek these days? I lost track.
Boring Co will also connect Vegas hotels & airport. Autonomous Teslas in tunnels will provide individualized mass transit.
He was critical of large bureaucracies & Napoleon III was indeed a knucklehead
Fair point, PyTorch is great!
This is happening a lot
That would be cool!
In his 18th Brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), Marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. This is now ironically happening with Marxism.
Tesla makes the safest cars in the world & our factory injury rate is better than industry avg & tracking to be better than any auto plant in North America. We care deeply about safety at a fundamental level.
SpaceX has 8000 employees in California, Washington, Texas & Florida. Operating this entire time, as we have national security exemption. Zero deaths or serious illnesses.
Absolutely. Tesla already went through this in China with 7000 employees. Zero fatalities or serious illnesses.
Well said! Please run for office. The politicians & unelected bureaucrats who stole our liberty should be tarred, feathered & thrown out of town!
Tesla Supercharger usage by region pic.twitter.com/1y2zL2Jizt
The custom styling some of the team is doing over their masks is really cool!
Said another way, Falcon Heavy has 2/3 thrust of Saturn V. Starship/Super Heavy will have double thrust of Saturn V.
Power of F9 today is still not widely understood. It has about same thrust as Delta IV Heavy, most powerful Boeing/Lockheed rocket. Falcon Heavy has triple.
Cost-plus contracting is the devil
Hi Jared, Colorado is great! I think your policies make a lot of sense.
Life should be lived
Ice cream sundae in a martini glass pic.twitter.com/zAVFlOsYkM
Best group on FB by far
Personally, I think we should pic.twitter.com/kfui7W9VTU
It appears that what he is saying is untrue
Tough call. Maybe Newton by a small margin. Both obviously extremely smart for a human.
All other car companies are allowed to manufacture *except* Tesla, you knucklehead. No wonder you got crushed by a computer the size of a pizza box.
Pretty close. It will look absurdly tall & have a lot more ground support equipment.
Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me.
Yes, California approved, but an unelected county official illegally overrode. Also, all other auto companies in US are approved to resume. Only Tesla has been singled out. This is super messed up!
Thank you Governor Newsom!
Zork with AI dungeon master
Note is much appreciated
Yes, this is insane
That would be great
We should do this
This thread summarizes situation perfectly
Georgia lifted lockdown 15 days ago
We are a pattern of atoms
SN4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) & engine thrust load at cryo
Much appreciated, Mayor Fine!
Please voice your disagreement as strongly as possible with @AlamedaCounty
Tesla is the biggest manufacturer in California & second biggest exporter
Exactly! Tesla knows far more about what needs to be done to be safe through our Tesla China factory experience than an (unelected) interim junior official in Alameda County.
Absolutely, please do! You should be allowed to recoup damages from the county.
San Joaquin County, right next door to Alameda, has been sensible & reasonable, whereas Alameda has been irrational & detached from reality. Our castings foundry and other faculties in San Joaquin have been working 24/7 this entire time with no ill effects. Same with Giga Nevada.
Frankly, this is the final straw. Tesla will now move its HQ and future programs to Texas/Nevada immediately. If we even retain Fremont manufacturing activity at all, it will be dependen on how Tesla is treated in the future. Tesla is the last carmaker left in CA.
No, I have a license!
Turns out hobbits are enormous
Glad we could help
Yes, this is a high priority
Operating on a prime directive of crash avoidance, it could automatically intervene when crash probability is approaching 100%
Teslas automatically maintain their internal temperature to within safe limits in case a pet or child is left in the car
To be clear, I do think finance & law are important, but too many smart people in the US go into those fields. Also, too many MBAs.
Yes, mostly because you can use the ship every week going to the moon instead of every two years for Mars (best case)
Would be about 10 times that cost for payload to surface of Mars
Starship + Super Heavy propellant mass is 4800 tons (78% O2 & 22% CH4). I think we can get propellant cost down to ~$100/ton in volume, so ~$500k/flight. With high flight rate, probably below $1.5M fully burdened cost for 150 tons to orbit or ~$10/kg.
A mandatory tracing app would be insane
Would cover latitude of London
Peak rate of about half that for version 1 is about right, but heavily dependent on users per cell. Aiming for latency under 20 ms.
It will only work for higher latitudes (Seattle) at first, then get progressively closer to the equator
Way more important than it sounds
A fully & rapidly reusable orbital rocket is fundamental to extending life beyond Earth. Propellant cost is roughly a 1000th of vehicle cost (unless using a foolish propellant). Same principle as cars, planes, boats, etc.
SLS makes me feel sad
No, they will be smashed beyond repair & corroded
Yeah, although hydrogen is not a great choice for a booster engine
A great mystery of the universe
Roundabouts no problem, but dodging distracted human drivers very tricky!
Looks about right. Ice mining/refining on Mars & maximizing total system efficiency will be hard. CO2 is easy, as Mars atmosphere is mostly that. Also has good amount of N2, which is important for life.
In this case, just chilling the gas back to liquid
Turns on city street intersections is the big one
Yes. Static fire feeding from fuel header vs main tank.
His son sounds great btw
2008 was a super tough year on all levels
Good for them! About half the US will be mostly open by this weekend.
That was the whole company back then. Grew organically from a simple mariachi party in El Segundo.
Wishing good vibes for all in 2nd half 2020
Yeah, but stopped doing physically risky things after the kids were born
Not to mention !
Starship SN4 passed static fire
Happy, healthy & cute as a button :)
This person is wrong. Why does JD want to believe he got cucked so bad anyway!?
There would be time-stamped video if this were true
Should be a lot of fun!
There are many pieces to the puzzle
Science is simply rigorous pursuit of truth. Quality of reasoning is all that matters, which means a ten-year-old could be more correct than a physics Nobel Prize winner.
That would be awesome
Yeah, definitely a future feature
Important to distinguish died with covid vs died because of covid. Also, distinguish between tested positive for covid or only had symptoms.
Thanks :) Never too young for some ink haha
Mom & baby all good
A few hours away!
Weird that EPA would deny this. We have precise car logs that confirm it happened. Happy to provide them.
I hope anything lands
It seems unlikely right now
Mostly accurate. Liquid CH4 temp got too high this time. Offloading propellant. Will we retry later today.
Commentary is quite entertaining! MST3K
Good chance it accelerates viral vaccines & cures
There are many silver linings & that is one
Yes, about a month away from testing Raptor Vacuum
A little. Will have 31 engines, not 37, no big fins and legs similar to ship. That thrust dome is the super hard part. Raptor SL thrust starts at 200 ton, but upgrades in the works for 250 ton.
Minecraft has amazing legs
That was 2.5 years ago & still not even on the moon. Progress must accelerate!
What excites you about 2030?
Rocket Rd, Hawthorne CA 90250
Are we still free? Are we still brave? Hell yeah!!
Hopefully in a few days
How much for some anime Bitcoin? pic.twitter.com/itqRslFNcb
Reality is its own parrot parody
There will be no Mars if we let them take our freedom away
As always, I am optimistic about Tesla long-term
Baby due on Monday
My gf @Grimezsz is mad at me
Rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
Exactly. How cheaply freedom is sold.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there
And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air
Now give people back their FREEDOM
Tesla stock price is too high imo
I am selling almost all physical possessions. Will own no house.
Starship is making good progress
What is real any more
This needs to stop
AI makes more progress
This is misleading to the public
Great work by SpaceX team & very much appreciate faith in Starship by @NASA!
California HHS server crashed. Maybe it has covid. pic.twitter.com/eGkdPmBpAK
Hospitals in California have been half empty this whole time pic.twitter.com/8GL2BLypqV
Too much the moral arbiter of the world
Silicon Valley has become Sanctimonious Valley
Starship will be able to launch telescopes over 3X diameter of Hubble
Hopefully start serving Africa early next year
Soon, it will be in tiktok
Just one. SN5 will get three.
Static fire with Raptor hopefully later this week
Great work by SpaceX engineering!
Snowing in Texas pic.twitter.com/0LKwIpnoPB
Dark mode makes Twitter feel like night
So dark out there
Would be helpful to distinguish deaths caused by covid vs unrelated to covid!
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Yes, switching soon to a 300 series alloy with higher ductility at cryogenic temp. 301 is good as sheet, but not as plate. Also, a lot of geometric changes.
Successive iteration of both design & manufacturing. Latter is 1000% harder than former.
Physically ready in a few weeks. Approvals may take longer.
Aiming for cryo pressure test tonight
Heard same from doc I trust
No, good chance of RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event, but landing pad is separated from launch pad
That basically describes SoC 0 vs SoC 1 of our FSD computer right now. Soon to change!
Improved process I was referring to was cylinder to cylinder circumferential welds to improve cycle time & reduce pucker. Those are still working their way through production.
Great labeling tools & talented human labelers really matter. It really is a skilled profession! Importance of good tools & infrastructure is underrated.
As usual for most things, building production system for Raptor is >1000% harder than designing it
Pretty much. Being better than human drivers on average is not a super high standard. Autonomy will probably be held to a 300% to 1000% higher safety requirement long-term.
Many talented engineers are working on FSD at Tesla. What matters is solving vision at high frame rate in our compute space with low latency between camera frame & actuation.
Sure, we can probably do an update later this year
Needs to be more than halfway to east coast
Not saying new Giga will be in Texas, but Cybertruck will be produced there wherever it is, as Fremont is at max capacity
Mean Time To Dick is a key measure of any given human or machine intelligence system
Merlin is very simple compared to Raptor
Width currently limited by size of cold-roll press needed to get steel to full hard condition. Bigger press will be built long-term.
Hard to imagine 2030
Seems so long ago
Welcome @hiromichimizuno to the Tesla board! Honored to have you.
Starship SN4 tank on test stand pic.twitter.com/zN2OmMp1OS
Yes, same results are showing up pretty much everywhere on Earth. Contagion is higher in high pop density cities & mortality proportionate to age.
Will talk with team. We have a lot on our plate!
Side camera view looks a little weird, as meant for self-driving, but will review with team. Image will need a little post-processing.
That is more reasonable, especially if mostly loans. Oil & gas is an important industry without which civilization could not function at this time, but financial support should be proportionate to rest of economy.
So shall we all
Maybe just make Joe Mode quieter?
Private beta begins in ~3 months, public beta in ~6 months, starting with high latitudes
They are in fact being deorbited haha
Small amount of isopropyl alcohol (cleaning fluid) was trapped in a sensor dead leg & ignited in flight
Frankly, much of the stimulus money is questionable, but this much to oil & gas seems especially so
Not the greatest use of money
Thanks! We are taking some key steps to reduce satellite brightness btw. Should be much less noticeable during orbit raise by changing solar panel angle & all sats get sunshades starting with launch 9.
Numbers I was told from Wuhan were 80% to 90% mortality rate for invasive ventilators. Those are not good odds.
When I talked to doctors in Wuhan, they recommended against invasive ventilators & in favor of non-invasive
Am in Boca working on the rocket with an awesome team, so pretty great :)
Definitely header tanks & nosecone on SN5, hopefully flaps too. Definitely flaps on SN6
Red sky of Mars is Blue at dawn & dusk
Guaranteed to make any party more fun!
Yes. It will even float for a while.
This is the key paragraph pic.twitter.com/zvTWhPVcM4
Mechanically attached to steel studs. Insulation is certainly the intention!
Best political platform ever pic.twitter.com/CRbNFdQj4B
SpaceX has a lot of experience berthing & now docking with @Space_Station, which is very difficult. Orbital refilling should in theory be easier, since Starships dock with themselves & will be uncrewed at first.
Fully reusable orbital rocket, then orbital refilling, then Mars
10% would be impressive. Anything below a 20% payload hit would be outstanding.
Another reason reported mortality rate is overstated is that dying *with* covid is not same as dying *from* covid. Media keeps reporting former, not latter.
Maybe 1.5% change to interior dimensions. Still very roomy.
Probably 3 to 6 months
My kids loved that one when they were little
The way it should be!
Raptor is going through many development tests. Merlin is doing acceptance tests, as the design is stable. Depending on how you count them, there are about 6 engine stands operating in parallel.
No, as the header tanks are quite small relative to main (~30 tons vs 1200 tons). Only uses very tip of the nose.
No, oxygen header tank in nose is important to keep center of mass forward during atmospheric entry
Similar, but seemingly small changes can have surprisingly big effects
Should be available as an in app purchase next month
Good point. Yeah, Remdesivir is sounding very promising!
Advertising salespeople dressed as truth tellers
Trying have fewer parts, so strakes are unlikely. Some very counterintuitive CFD results in both hypersonic & subsonic regimes. Starship does controlled falling more than flying.
Flaps, actuator & static aero are undergoing redesign for mass reduction & simplicity
Pretty much, although we also sent some Medtronic units, which are meant for extreme situations. Those require a lot of work to set up & operate. Should be used sparingly. SpaceX is making the valve at the heart of that system.
Reviewing overall system with vehicle engineering team next week. Should have number then.
Reduced size by ~3%, center line is more level & lower window sill height
Yeah, super messed up
These were based on direct requests from their ICU wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
Partial list of hospitals to which Tesla sent ventilators pic.twitter.com/sfI6yuUbrM
Perhaps you are unaware that Twitter has a search function? The hospitals *themselves* acknowledged receipt of ventilators.
.@GavinNewsom please fix this misunderstanding
What I find most surprising is that CNN still exists
I know of two nurses who had their job offers revoked, one in NYC and one in Arlington
They were, but are they currently?
We are hearing almost all hospital ICUs have excess capacity. In some cases, 60% empty.
Does seem that early use is wise. Solving late stage C19 probably requires two or three mechanisms of action.
The way things are looking right now, the world will soon be flooded with excess ventilators. Even NY is giving them away!
Fundamentally, Atlas is still dependent on Russia to launch
Yeah, Atlas main engine is Russian. Great engine, but not US. Also, their fairing is Swiss. I think interstage & payload separation system also not US.
Tesla actually sent out ResMed, Philips & Medtronic units. Latter is fully intratracheal. My personal opinion is that some ICUs are jumping the gun on intubation & setting PEEP & O2 too high. High pressure, pure oxygen increases risk of lung damage. pic.twitter.com/2IUnS5DPOg
Sorry, meant to say only US rocket. Atlas V is close, but not yet 100%.
Tesla *was* saved by an investment in May 2009 from Daimler, not govt. Without that Daimler support, Tesla would have died. Super appreciated!
Exactly. In mid 2009, Tesla received non-binding approval for loan program actually signed into law by Bush in late 2008. First actual disbursement was Q2 2010, long after BK danger passed. Loan was repaid early with interest. Taxpayers made money on it!!
Last I checked, over a million dollars less. Moreover, F9 is launching far more often & is only rocket fully NASA-approved for launching astronauts, so that gap is increasing.
Initial production at Giga Berlin is Model Y
You will be able to wrap it in any color or pattern
We stole that from cheetahs
Just battery day, but it will be great. Plaid powertrain will be later this year.
While others party, he study the blade pic.twitter.com/FBxEdIJ78M
Functionality still looking good for this year. Regulatory approval is the big unknown.
Turns out that gun is for the toilet paper pic.twitter.com/C1aAy0YZRi
Yes, this is a real problem. The science is not in doubt.
Particulate matter from automotive exhausts has a much more serious impact on health than most people realize
In the future, it will be as strange to have expendable rockets as it would be to have expendable airplanes today. All will be reusable.
Strange, as SpaceX lands on land frequently. Russia has very talented engineers, but they must be given reusability as goal or success is impossible.
A lot has happened in 8 years
Good talking to you too. It was an honor.
SpaceX rockets are 80% reusable, theirs are 0%. This is the actual problem.
All input is error. When is the fan speed wrong?
Plaid Cybertruck is what I will drive
Hard to predict dates right now. Most likely postponed to mid May.
In about a year. Would come from Giga Berlin.
You may return the vehicle for a full refund in the unlikely event that it causes domestic discord
What is simple in one arena is often profound in another
Great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
Humans drive using 2 cameras on a slow gimbal & are often distracted. A Tesla with 8 cameras, radar, sonar & always being alert can definitely be superhuman.
Probably best to keep control local, but easy to check status from afar
High pucker-factor landing pic.twitter.com/cTHxc03Oee
Puts our basic instincts on a roller coaster
Twitter causes id sinuation
Starship fuel header tank pic.twitter.com/CVj8057CY6
Like tears in rain
Music is a limbic resonator
Not a question of wanting to do it or not, but rather having anyone there to make sure it gets delivered & works
Love that Gen Shinseki quote!
True. Each of these engines is also slightly different. Raptor is evolving rapidly.
It is stable on the ground without propellant loaded, which is an improvement from OG Atlas
One is Havanese & one came from the pound
Exactly. No point in an abort system on Mars, so got to make the core ship super safe.
Rockets & spacecraft have to operate in vacuum, so maintaining pressure is fundamental. However, this can be made very safe over time imo.
Pretty much. Good news is that this was a test configuration error, rather than a design or build mistake. Not enough pressure in the LOX tank ullage to maintain stability with a heavy load in the CH4 tank. This was done with N2.
u r o k
Tesla is on second rev of internal ventilator design. Will post an update on this tomorrow.
Yeah, about $35k with shipping & taxes
Bought, but SpaceX is spooling up to manufacture proportional solenoid valves for Medtronic (confirmed as critical today with chair & CEO) pic.twitter.com/zIuesSaXrZ
First Medtronic units from Tesla getting installed in NY metro area. These are for worst case situations. pic.twitter.com/xyFRZwv1M7
Oh sure, good point. Will discuss with team & make available to buy in Tesla app.
Yeah, probably July 1st
Hoping to roll out traffic lights & stops to wide US release in a few weeks & probably WW release in Q3 (so many variations in each country!). Very important to make sure this is done right.
Monty Python & Mel Brooks are my all-time favorites
Northwell seems to be very pragmatic & sensible. Impressive work in difficult circumstances.
We will see what data review says in the morning, but this may have been a test configuration mistake
Air quality has a much bigger effect on health than people realize. Credit to Larry Page for making me aware of this.
Some valves leaked at cryo temp. Fixing & will retest soon.
High quality critical feedback from Munro & Co is much appreciated!
Sounds promising. Will be interesting to see results of clinical trials.
For those who care about details pic.twitter.com/LnylijfJqR
SN3 passed ambient temperature pressure test last night, now doing cryogenic
Yeah, very important to provide C/BiPAP devices to *prevent* cases from becoming severe. Once severe (intratracheal intubation), survival rates are low.
Invasive ventilators are for worst case patients. Survival rate at that point is low, as Gov Cuomo has pointed out. Nonetheless, we start delivery of intratracheal Medtronic units in NYC tonight.
Exactly. Moreover, all hospitals were given exact specifications of Resmed & Philips ventilators before delivery & all confirmed they would be critical.
Will call when we reach Mars
Definitely need a wider span
Yes, v close! Nice work. Those are V0.9 legs, so major upgrades coming. Need wider span, longer stroke & ability to auto-level for uneven ground or leaning into high winds.
Y has next-level upgrades, especially body castings & heat pump
Happy we could be helpful! More available if needed.
Mass of initial SN ships will be a little high & Isp a little low, but, over time, it will be ~150t to LEO fully reusable
We have extra FDA-approved ventilators. Will ship to hospitals worldwide within Tesla delivery regions. Device & shipping cost are free. Only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. Please me or @Tesla know.
The legs extend & telescope out, so are longer than they seem, but not as long as they will be for SN4+
One day we will
The S-curve appears to be entering the logarithmic phase
Hopefully, Starship will have enough flight history to substitute for Dragon for NASA missions too
Now on launch stand pic.twitter.com/Yb5WIEjAkj
Logarithm graphs coming soon pic.twitter.com/Fc81TDSQgc
And many doctors are not treating patients, due to fear of giving or receiving C19
Can you do a fast antibody test?
Buzzfeed is a mind virus
Also makes for a great shelter pic.twitter.com/f991AJD2mU
We will give away all our ventilators, whether we buy them or build them
Yes. Just as with groceries, the panic is also causing hoarding of ventilators, preventing them from reaching the hospitals where they are needed.
Exactly. Douglas Adams knew what he was talking about.
Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
Giga New York will reopen for ventilator production as soon as humanly possible. We will do anything in our power to help the citizens of New York.
C19 testing in the US over the past week has grown much faster than C19 positive cases. I think we may have passed the inflection point for US cases (excluding NY) already.
Yes. Is there more? Should be a lot of data by now.
Making good progress. We will do whatever is needed to help in these difficult times.
This meme proves it pic.twitter.com/3CHAzxv6dj
This is messed up @MikeBloomberg
Could maybe tap the condensation for water too. Seems odd that HVAC systems make pure, fresh water & just dump it on the ground.
Thanks Tesla China team, China Customs Authority & LAX customs for acting so swiftly
Yup, China had an oversupply, so we bought 1255 FDA-approved ResMed, Philips & Medtronic ventilators on Friday night & airshipped them to LA. If you want a free ventilator installed, please let us know!
This is a way bigger deal than most people realize
Yes. PCB design techniques applied to create a heat exchanger that is physically impossible by normal means. Heat pump also has a local heating loop to spool up fast & extend usable temperature range. Octavalve is pretty special too. Team did great work. No credit to me.
The heat pump and rear body castings are a step beyond
According to the Italian govt, only 12% of deaths are actually due to C19. This is a significant policy difference in Italy vs most other countries.
Have you seen more data on HCQ & Z-Pak? Hard to find.
Yeah. We have a mask shipment stuck at LAX. Hopefully freed up soon.
This is great advice
We expect to have over ~1200 to distribute this week. Getting them delivered, installed & operating is the harder part.
Panic is always dumb
Close contact family gatherings that mix young kids, who have almost no risk of C19 death, with grandparents who have high risk (especially those with prior lung damage), are one of the most powerful mortality vectors
We have N95 masks & getting PAPRs. Will have our team reach out.
Just had a long engineering discussion with Medtronic about state-of-the-art ventilators. Very impressive team!
Sigmoid (S-curve) is how all physical and mental viruses behave, regardless of containment. Containment reduces asymptote of S-curve. At this point, we have strict containment in US/Europe & should expect similarly reduced asymptote to China.
Sigmoidal for China, followed by sigmoidal for rest of world
Exactly, both would be false positive. Also, dying with C19 is different from dying because of C19. Vast majority who died had other illnesses too. pic.twitter.com/YKMW54q2kL
Up to 80% false positive
Sure, although ventilator companies definitely know how to make ventilators. Just a spike in demand right now. Also, using CPAP machines for less severe cases & using one ventilator for several patients seem like good moves to meet short-term demand.
A single computer, pump & pressure accumulator would be fine for many patients, but ideally individual valves per patient to personalize care & avoid cross-flow risk
Yeah, SpaceX is working on ventilators too
China is operating normally across hundreds of suppliers & all of Tesla Shanghai
Anyone feeling even slightly ill should stay home. Elderly should avoid close contact, even with family members, for now. Those seem most important.
Kids are essentially immune, but elderly with existing conditions are vulnerable. Family gatherings with close contact between kids & grandparents probably most risky.
Based on current trends, probably close to zero new cases in US too by end of April
Sounds good, we will connect with your team to understand potential needs
Tesla makes cars with sophisticated hvac systems. SpaceX makes spacecraft with life support systems. Ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly. Which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?
We will make ventilators if there is a shortage
Some helpful data from Italy pic.twitter.com/3taxq5NXcZ
0% chance of anything close
Yeah, most reflights ever!
Awe tow co wrecked
Seems to be happening a lot
Very sensible. Knows how to handle exponential functions in reality.
If Jamis needs help, he has many friends, me among them
Pretty close. Design is evolving rapidly. Would be great to flatten domes, embed engines & add ~1.5 barrel sections of propellant for same total length. Also, current legs are a bit too small.
Yeah. Fate loves irony.
Slight booster length increase to 70m, so 120m for whole system. Liftoff mass ~5000 mT.
Fear is the mind-killer
Congratulations Giga NY team!
Some parts will use 304L, as it has higher toughness at cryo temps. Will move to internally developed alloys probably end of year.
Probably. Raptor sounds different to Merlin.
Lot of Raptors coming through! Now operating both horizontal & vertical firing stands in McGregor.
Will discuss with team
Once production has exceeded preorders
To be totally frank, I did an image search on my phone & posted without looking closely
We should be excited about the future & striving to go beyond the horizon!
Moral condemnation used not for morality, but as a weapon for manipulation is messed up
The people have spoken!
To those who quietly help advance the causes we mutually believe in, knowing advancing the cause is the only reward: thank you
Thank you for your kind words, brother
Model Y production for east coast too
Scouting locations for Cybertruck Gigafactory. Will be central USA.
With an epic sound system & woofers the size of a car
Ok fine, that was good haha
Tesla should have a mega rave cave under the Berlin Gigafatory
Was good maybe 5 or 6 years ago when you could wonder around & find great unknown bands
Too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
Coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
Congratulations Tesla team on making our 1,000,000th car!! pic.twitter.com/5M99a9LLQi
Market was bit high anyway, so due for a correction
Static fire & short flights with SN3, longer flights with SN4, but spooling up the whole Starship/Raptor production line is really what matters
SN2 (with thrust puck) passed cryo pressure & engine thrust load tests late last night
He studied the blade
Ships with a lot of people & limited medical facilities are a serious issue
Fatality rate also greatly overstated. Because there are so few test kits, those who die with respiratory symptoms are tested for C19, but those with minor symptoms are usually not. Prevalence of coronaviruses & other colds in general population is very high!
Virality of C19 is overstated due to conflating diagnosis date with contraction date & over-extrapolating exponential growth, which is never what happens in reality. Keep extrapolating & virus will exceed mass of known universe!
@HardcoreHistory Thanks for taking us through this today. Hopefully, such horrors will never again be repeated in reality.
Recent missed landing (at sea) was due to incorrect wind data. If this (land) landing fails, it will most likely be for a different reason.
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
The coronavirus panic is dumb
Raising art to new heights
Mad respect for the makers of things
No matter what, we need to pressurize the production system. Rocket design is relatively easy, making one is hard, making many is extremely hard. Manufacturing is underrated.
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay pic.twitter.com/zdRuOgd8xz
They have the best coin
Track mode V2 is pretty cool. Maybe too complicated to use though? Lmk thoughts for improvement.
Yes, dramatically improved imo
We need to finish work on Autopilot core foundation code & 3D labelling, then functionality will happen quickly. Not long now.
I just sent a note to Twitter to clarify that posting SpaceX videos is fine by us and we paid for rights to Bowie song for the Falcon Heavy launch
Testing Raptor in vertical configuration (on the giant tripod) should allow us to simplify some aspects of the engine design
Posting SpaceX videos is definitely not copyright infringement!
I had no idea this existed. Sounds awesome though!
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
Starship SN1 tank preparing for Raptor attachment & static fire pic.twitter.com/jx0ijLrxWx
Rococo is alive & living in our hearts
Battle Angel Starship pic.twitter.com/CL4rvBB8mb
Teslas in a tunnel. Happening in Vegas rn.
On a wall in Austin pic.twitter.com/yDBt2tUJij
Getting there was super hard. Very proud of Tesla team!
Yes, will also show real-time changes to max acceleration, braking, cornering, speed on gradient & range, latter factoring in route elevation changes & cargo or tow mass & drag impact
Definitely worth trying imo
Active ride height & active damping are game-changing for a truck or any car with a high max/min weight ratio
Science has gone too far pic.twitter.com/Ky65Q3s3JX
F9 iteration slowed down as payloads became too important to risk. Little change is expected going forward with F9/FH or Dragon. Starship production & thus iterative improvement will be much faster than Falcon. Driving hard for fully reusable orbital flight this year!
Sorry, meant to say LOX header tank in tip of nose. CH4 main tank is above LOX main.
These problems are fundamentally intertwined. Building many rockets allows for successive approximation. Progress in any given technology is simply # of iterations * progress between iterations.
Hardest problem by far is building the production system of something this big. 2nd hardest is achieving full & rapid reuse with payload to orbit of ~2%.
Attach wheels to the landing legs & tow Starship to the launch pad
I rate it two Bugblatter Beasts of Traal up!
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks & fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done! pic.twitter.com/G9h0430ns2
The whole nose tip has to have heat shielding for atmospheric entry at Mach 25+ anyway, so is effectively already insulated well in orbit
There will be a common area in the forward section with a big window like this. It will be a lot heavier than steel, but not dangerous. Consider astronauts on the moon with a very thin windowed helmet. They were fine.
Header tanks are only ~2% of main tank volume, so not a big deal. Pressurized volume is still ~1000 cubic meters.
O2 header tank is tip of nosecone, CH4 header is in the main CH4 tank
In the order that they were written
SN 2+ will have better fit & weld quality. Later serial numbers will use bigger stampings, so much less weld length.
The Persuader hammer will fix SN1
Rocket nosecone production in Texas pic.twitter.com/KLWewja9Gn
Unfortunately, I must agree that these are reasonable concerns
True, that was pretty impressive
My conversations with Gates have been underwhelming tbh
All orgs developing advanced AI should be regulated, including Tesla
I have no control & only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high.
OpenAI should be more open imo
Initially, yes, but then will make sense to localize closer to customers. Pretty much same plan as vehicles.
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. Apply at
X will also improve by a similar amount
Depends on when car was built, as there are many small hardware improvements, so most will be somewhere in between 373 & 390
Regulations require calling it something else, so we added +
Software just thinks the car is less efficient than it actually is
Many small hardware improvements throughout the car that have been introduced gradually over past several months
Maybe possible with improved wheels/tires (which would be available to all previously made cars)
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
a=F/m is the most fun
The resolution of reality
Reminded me of The Lady of Shalott by Waterhouse
Might be used around flap joints
Only the heart senses beauty
Shielding is only needed for orbital speeds
Unfortunately, Starship unlikely to survive LEO entry intact without shielding on windward side, but none required on leeward. Even windward shielding is very light.
This does seem high
And some vitamin k too
This is incorrect. No air suspension planned for 3/Y. Only S/X & Cybertruck have/will have air suspension.
The degree to which SolarGlass will positively effect the esthetics & energy sustainability of neighborhoods throughout the world is not yet well appreciated. This is a very important product.
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass & several other products. Will also offer customer & media tours.
Its integrated roof & solar, so should be light enough for almost any home
Coming hopefully later this year
I think will still be better than a normal roof, but adding a heating grid to automatically remove ice & snow sounds like a good option. We have that already on car windows!
Sounds should note that it gets less shiny automatically due to dust & weathering. This pic is brand new.
Sounds like we should open a Tesla Center there!
Please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of Tesla SolarGlass roof! Critical feedback is much appreciated.
Probably 6 months or so. 301 is certainly fine for orbit, but SpaceX 30X will be better.
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks pic.twitter.com/Aa8yKPJEFS
Yes, but we want to focus on textured black first, then move into Earth tones & convolutions
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
Europe & China timing will be announced soon
Many Bay Area installations are ongoing now
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by SolarGlass engineering, Giga NY factory & Tesla installation teams!
First two domes in frame are for SN2, third is SN1 thrust dome
Back in Boca pic.twitter.com/RjiWpW28PT
Including hypothesizing that this statement is wrong haha
feeling cute, might delete later pic.twitter.com/TtDJcr9Qiq
Once upon a time, we were all just hydrogen in a vacuum
Unmodified water tower machines do not work well for orbital rockets, as mass efficiency is critical for the latter, but not the former. Hopper, for example, was made of 12.5mm steel vs 4mm for SN1 orbital design. Optimized skins will be <2mm in places across a 9000mm diameter.
We saw them a lot launching from Kwajalein in the early days of SpaceX
New emoji! Last one comes with free phone hack. pic.twitter.com/T3jjwZycog
Fine, but that was an easy one
REALiTi made while u wait pic.twitter.com/jWRPAEufs8
All things in moderation, especially etymology
Essentially all quotes can be ascribed to Churchill
Tiny robots with lasers
Starlink will be great for any sparsely populated areas with expensive or little to no connectivity!
Putting that on my LinkedIn for sure
Starship Concerto in Zero G pic.twitter.com/gkn05I1bvZ
Have you tried a hydrophobic spray?
This is mainly for staffing up 4 production shifts for 24/7 operations, but engineers, supervisors & support personnel are certainly needed too. A super hardcore work ethic, talent for building things, common sense & trustworthiness are required, the rest we can train.
Starship career day at the Stargate building (Boca Chica Blvd, TX) this Thursday from 3pm to 9pm!
First, we need to make it super safe & easy to use, then determine greatest utility vs risk. From initially working to volume production & implantation is a long road. As with vehicle safety, it will be much harder to pass our internal standards than minimum regulatory standards.
True, it has general applications beyond fast, high precision micro-electrode insertion that automatically avoids the vasculature
Yeah, it looks like a medieval torture device, but is nonetheless currently used in many human studies! Not hard to be way better.
PyTorch is the most frequently used external tool set/library
Our NN is initially in Python for rapid iteration, then converted to C++/C/raw metal driver code for speed (important!). Also, tons of C++/C engineers needed for vehicle control & entire rest of car. Educational background is irrelevant, but all must pass hardcore coding test.
The profound impact of high bandwidth, high precision neural interfaces is underappreciated. Neuralink may have this in a human as soon as this year. Just needs to be unequivocally better than Utah Array, which is already in some humans & has severe drawbacks.
Not needed, but will be very useful on Mars due to light speed latency
Tesla will hold a super fun AI party/hackathon at my house with the Tesla AI/autopilot team in about four weeks. Invitations going out soon.
We are (obviously) also looking for world-class chip designers to join our team, based in both Palo Alto & Austin
Dojo, our training supercomputer, will be able to process vast amounts of video training data & efficiently run hypersparce arrays with a vast number of parameters, plenty of memory & ultra-high bandwidth between cores. More on this later.
Our custom 144 TOPS in-vehicle inference computer, where almost every TOP is useable & optimized for NN, far exceeds anything else in volume production, giving you the hardware you need to run sophisticated nets
Tesla will soon have over a million connected vehicles worldwide with sensors & compute needed for full self-driving, which is orders of magnitude more than everyone else combined, giving you the best possible dataset to work with
Only 66 years from first controlled, powered flight to landing on the moon. Now, half a century later, we are still unable to return. This must change.
The safest place to hide a dead body is the second page of Google search results!
This was a huge problem for search engines until Google applied the citation relevance principle aka PageRank, among many other things pic.twitter.com/qSfqTpfzb2
Report as soon as you see it. Troll/bot networks on Twitter are a *dire* problem for adversely affecting public discourse & ripping people off. Just dropping their prominence as a function of probable gaming of the system would be a big improvement.
The crypto scam level on Twitter is reaching new levels. This is not cool.
We should make buildings out of high-strength steel, not concrete (which needs steel in it anyway)
I appreciate the kind words!
Those old ladies are wise pic.twitter.com/f1uxKvCfbB
I become Tiesto at night
I wrote the lyrics & performed the vocals!!
Releasing soon on Emo G Records!
Exactly. Mars propellant production will combine atmospheric CO2 & water (ice) to make CH4 (methane) & O2. Will do same on Earth long-term. Short-term, each Falcon flight uses roughly same fuel mass as a 747 flight. Falcon is ~71% oxygen & Starship is ~78%, so mostly not fuel.
Ok, not so bad
A friend just sent me this excerpt from a Tesla blog I wrote 14 years ago pic.twitter.com/Hr8w52ithY
Tonnage delivered to orbit, normalized to LEO, would be interesting to see
If all goes well, Falcon 9 will achieve triple digits this year
Matter is extremely fluffy!
Parent material strength roughly doubles, so weld strength is the only real question mark
First two domes of SN1 are almost complete
Starship 9m test tank made 7.5 bar at room temp! Small leak at a weld doubler. Will be repaired & retested at cryo. pic.twitter.com/Bz3lrwkYRU
The good old days!
Going with nomenclature of Giga [most widely understood location name] vs Giga #, so Giga Shanghai, Giga Nevada, Giga New York & Giga Berlin
For sure. Giga Berlin will build sustainable energy vehicles using sustainable energy, so net environmental impact will be extremely positive!
Giga Berlin / GF4 will absolutely be designed with sustainability and the environment in mind
V3 Supercharger deployment will accelerate considerably this year
We should have a base on the moon, a city on Mars
I love that Heart of Gold is moved by Infinite Improbability
We should strive to extend the light of consciousness into the cosmos
Want to play The Witcher game on your Tesla? (you can already watch the show on Tesla Netflix theater)
Explains the sad lack of progress in candy research!
Yeah, doors are 40 ft wide
Yeah, we just finished two more propellant domes. SpaceX team & supporting suppliers are doing amazing work ramping Starship production.
Dragon trunk from in-flight abort test is in surprisingly good shape! pic.twitter.com/IGeffiNh9A
Thanks on behalf of the @SpaceX team! Thank you also for the support @NASA has provided over the years, without which this would not have happened.
Best place to view is from the beach. Excitement guaranteed!
Dragon Spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or Sunday, depending on weather @NASA @SpaceX
What should we change?
Even more important for a a reusable rocket, as cost of propellant actually becomes relevant & anything below T/W of 1 is wasted fuel & oxygen
Aiming for 20 to 30 years, like aircraft
Yes. There will be a lot of jobs on Mars!
Yeah. A lot of work is needed for propellant production on Mars.
Building 100 Starships/year gets to 1000 in 10 years or 100 megatons/year or maybe around 100k people per Earth-Mars orbital sync
Starship design goal is 3 flights/day avg rate, so ~1000 flights/year at >100 tons/flight, so every 10 ships yield 1 megaton per year to orbit
Megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
Reaction to Cyberpunk 2077 slipping release date to September
Densifying hydrogen is difficult, as its liquid temp is close to absolute zero. Much easier with CH4, which is an underappreciated advantage. Cooling O2 is good too, but becomes operationally difficult at N2 liquid temp, as air is ~78% N2. Entire system wants to drip air!
Sorry, migh have brought the site down
Starship orbital vehicle SN1, liquid oxygen header tank & nosecone pic.twitter.com/IaSEdIyZgP
Just saw this today. Tesla refunds in general should be easy to get electronically & certainly through customer service. Will he addressed.
We need more emojis!!
Teslas will soon talk to people if you want. This is real. pic.twitter.com/8AJdERX5qa
Should be able to post video of Raptor on Tripod soon
Ok, tho could be gnarly
Destroyed in Dragon fire
We are trapped in a prison of fonts
Everything is compressible, but liquid compression at these pressures is not significant. However, the tanks do expand under pressure, creating a bit more volume. Keeping propellant super cold has a big effect on density of ~10% in case of CH4.
A given tank pressure is needed to feed the engine turbopumps & pressure-stabilize/relieve compression load on the cylinder walls
Dome to barrel weld made it to 7.1 bar, which is pretty good as ~6 bar is needed for orbital flight. With more precise parts & better welding conditions, we should reach ~8.5 bar, which is the 1.4 factor of safety needed for crewed flight.
The sun is green (peak photon frequency)
Bitcoin is *not* my safe word
I put the art in fart
King of the Goblins, Master of the Labyrinth
Looks like a thin, flat, round UFO on a stick. Starlink Terminal has motors to self-adjust optimal angle to view sky. Instructions are simply: - Plug in socket - Point at sky These instructions work in either order. No training required.
At Tesla Giga Shanghai NSFW!! pic.twitter.com/1yrPyzJQGZ
Bossart was boss art!
The Nirvana baby is about a year away from turning 30
Fair piece by Stoll
People talk about the products they *love*, that touch their heart & bring moments of joy
No one suspected his disguise pic.twitter.com/yHl4MDrjtn
Rest in peace Syd Mead. Your art will endure.
Many ways to solve this problem, but the power requirements are much higher than aircraft control surfaces. When moving giant body flaps rapidly, achieving high power is much harder than high torque.
Building prototypes is relatively easy, volume production is hard
Headed to Tesla Fremont factory tomorrow to help with vehicle deliveries
Will talk about that on Q4 call
Yeah, engineering is ~90% of my time at SpaceX & about ~60% at Tesla
Barrel on dome pic.twitter.com/kpSIJphbnk
Took me an embarrassingly long time to learn that
Beyond awesome. He was the real deal.
Seems so long ago
Also, I hate deeply nested classes in C++. Had to be said.
The less code, the better! 1 point for adding a line of code, but 2 points for deleting a line. Bloatware is the devil.
Tesla merch def needs some love, but too many fish to fry rn
Tesla uses that to wirebond cells to module current collectors. Is there a commercially available machine that can weld ~4mm full hard 301 stainless barrels & domes?
Spin start from COPVs so the ox & fuel turbines spool up super fast in unison. A precise start with full flow staged combustion is very important.
Moving to an enclosed (fairly) clean room environment for SN2 in Jan, although, unlike aluminum, stainless steel welding is not super sensitive. Our main issue here in Boca is that it can get very windy, which affects weld arc & steel melt pool.
No, will be autogenous from the start, tapping hot CH4 & O2 from Raptor
Best would probably be an autogenous laser weld, but we need more precise parts & fixtures. Hopefully get that done in 2020.
Almost everything is different. These parts are stamped vs manually bump-formed & TIP TIG welded vs flux core. Higher precision, stronger joints & 20% mass reduction.
We use that process for the Raptor nozzle jacket. The knuckles of this dome are stamped in Michigan with a 4000 ton car body press, which costs much less for same outcome.
Crew Dragon is capable of propulsive landing, but would require extensive testing to prove safety. Better to focus on Starship.
Crew Dragon should be physically ready & at the Cape in Feb, but completing all safety reviews will probably take a few more months
8 years later, the simulation is mostly real
Is purchasing through the Tesla app not working?
I def believe in the ethical treatment of animals & taking action of climate, but these are mostly separate moral issues
Dam now rly want choc chip muffin
Slight tweak to the glass needed & then it should be good to go
Absolutely. Multi-level tunnels can go under buildings, mountains, rivers or anything else & directly connect destinations, like aircraft do in the sky. We just need more of them.
Sure. Trax will get much better & more fun. This is an alpha version.
For sure, but I understand the pulse of Twitter pretty well. A sudden avalanche of very similar vitriolic comments from anon accounts usually means someone activated a troll/bot net.
Thousands of anon/troll/bot accounts suddenly on the attack. Interesting.
Sorry about this. We will do our best. The Tesla production & delivery teams have been working super hard.
Literally. It was at 40th & Baltimore in Philadelphia before gentrification.
Sounds like a Marxist with style
Probably 2021. Depends on regulatory approvals.
Hopefully working in Caribbean by end of 2020. Def by 2021.
Hopefully fully operational in 2020
Boring Co is completing its first commercial tunnel in Vegas, going from Convention Center to Strip, then will work on other projects
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
Flight is hopefully 2 to 3 months away
Please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
It is an honor & a privilege to work with so many great engineers
The overarching goal of Tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
Turn on auto navigate feature & car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
Seeing B pillar (diagonal fwd) & side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. We can enable access to these views. Also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
Phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. Live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
If you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal Superchargers along the way. Is it not doing this correctly?
Car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. If nothing in calendar, should do work in morning & home in evening. Future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
That is odd. Try pressing both scroll wheel buttons to reboot. Have forwarded this to service.
They should double down on insanity of Cats. Right move.
Also fake Soundcloud rapper
Regarding 2.X to 3 hardware update, that should happen in earnest in Q1. Software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
Unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
If Tesla & SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
Holiday gift ideas pic.twitter.com/uBBofvkYAI
I try so hard with these jokes!
Orbit is hard. Best wishes for landing & swift recovery to next mission.
Does it like the smiths? pic.twitter.com/kWbx1Uqsbo
Needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon & a few other things
This is quite a thorny hardware problem, as there are many diff versions of mcu & autopilot computer & supporting hardware. Cars last so much longer than phones! Hopefully able to upgrade mcu1 & ap2.0 in a few months.
This mode will show pic of moth & play the smiths
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never) pic.twitter.com/Rcu87A8NkO
Yes, just costs a few thousand dollars & is more complex than a board swap. Bunch of connectors & antennas need to change. We can improve the speed a little with software optimization, which might be enough.
I think we can improve that with a little software optimization
Never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
Yes, probably & partially
Some good ideas here!
Telemetry indicates soft touchdown on the water, so fairing might still be reusable
Age of Napoleon is excellent
This is how we will view fossil fuel cars
Crossing S-curves standard for tech transitions
Nice to meet you
We are literally a brain in a vat. The vat is your skull. Everything you think is real is an electrical signal. Feels so real though.
Your DLC is $$$$
Way too many paywalls & spawn points
Seriously, the NPC dialog tree should have more options
Just Read the Instructions
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing & the tutorial is way too long
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Math jokes have a small audience
Kids these days have no respect! pic.twitter.com/lfJTJnqllQ
Just wish Russ Mitchell would improve the *quality* of his fiction. Is this too much to ask!?
Your Twitter comments are great btw!
There will be no loss of either
That will require a full redesign, but probably ~73 inches or ~185 cm width
True, more for parking at destination. Really needs to fit in same external envelope as a full-size SUV, but with better height control with air suspension, so it can fit in low clearance parking garages.
We can prob reduce width by an inch & maybe reduce length by 6+ inches without losing on utility or esthetics. Min height is below 75 inches when air suspension set to low. Will post exact number soon.
Speed solves everything pic.twitter.com/DGYlfyInxi
Huge admiration & respect for the Tesla China team. Their talent & drive is amazing!
If we create a city on Mars, Earth-Mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
After a while, hydrogen became sentient
Bravo, right thing to do! Short selling should be illegal.
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
We sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us & then he said yes
Tesla was almost called Faraday, as original holder of Tesla Motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
Do you like our owl? pic.twitter.com/4fNOEv3N5b
Overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. Matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges & guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
Laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
Safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng & active by Autopilot. Design in automotive refers to look & feel.
They are dead to me
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving! pic.twitter.com/2Dog5HBxjX
The finest in apocalypse protection technology! Flamethrower optional.
Sure, will aim to do this next week
Agreed, this will be exciting to see!
Electric motors also have insane torque. If we load both trucks to the max, electric still wins. Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation.
Cybertruck is inspired by games like Halo. Warthog irl!!
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill pic.twitter.com/OfaqUkrDI3
In general, this is something Tesla should do
We should def make it good to hang out there
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
Can be wrapped in any color!
The body panels will actually be laser cut!
Long term, it probably makes sense to build a smaller Cybertruck too
Hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
Starship steel decision came first. We were going to use titanium skins for Cybertruck, but cold-rolled 30X stainless is much stronger.
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
With no advertising & no paid endorsement
146k Cybertruck orders so far, with 42% choosing dual, 41% tri & 17% single motor
That would be cool
Gonna have some sick attachments
Armored Personnel Carrier (APC)
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha. pic.twitter.com/eB0o4tlPoz
Will be an option to add solar power that generates 15 miles per day, possibly more. Would love this to be self-powered. Adding fold out solar wings would generate 30 to 40 miles per day. Avg miles per day in US is 30.
Tesla 2 person electric ATV will come at first as an option for Cybertruck
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck pic.twitter.com/khhYNFaVKs
High time we had a Tesla coil!
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Absolutely, but to move to Mk3 design. This had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
Gravitas is overrated pic.twitter.com/4MdteBfEjY
That would be cool
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
78% of people want to gentrify Mordor
The China space industry is very impressive
Cephalopods have a strange intelligence
Not sure. Maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
Even Toyota, who made the Prius. That is sad.
Guess I was obsessed with space from an early age. Fair point.
Congratulations on the Mach E! Sustainable/electric cars are the future!! Excited to see this announcement from Ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night pic.twitter.com/AHBxaubdhO
Meaning not fair that Boeing gets so much more for the same thing
We fought the Balrog last year
Memes are modern art
There will be many opportunities for both new & experienced people!
Will build batteries, powertrains & vehicles, starting with Model Y
Starlink vertical on the pad pic.twitter.com/WuiB1piKcK
Without a fully & rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
Bad logic is always ugly
Same goes for digital super intelligence denial
Deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. Other variants will have throttle.
SpaceX engine production is gearing up to build about a Raptor a day by next year, so up to 365 engines per year. Most will be the (as high as) 300 ton thrust (but no throttle & no gimbal) variant for Super Heavy. Cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as 100,000 tons/year.
So it will take about 20 years to transfer a million tons to Mars Base Alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
As the planets align only once every two years
A thousand ships will be needed to create a sustainable Mars city
Current global payload to orbit capacity is about 500 tons per year, of which Falcon is about half
The economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on Mars
Cybertruck unveil on Nov 21 in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
The audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the AF
Connected, autonomous cars require great software. Advanced factories also require great software. The car industry is not very good at software.
Would be odd to expect anything else
That said, most Starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / 30km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on Earth
Wow, 2011 seems like eons ago! With fairing recovery, Falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days & requires boats. Starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours & ship reflight every 8 hours. No boats needed.
Sorry, Drag Times is correct, Top Gear is wrong
Walking on a Tesla Solarglass roof is definitely no problem!
Congrats! Shopify is great btw. Nice work.
The fires are all too real
Hard to say with high accuracy, but 4 to 6 weeks is my best guess
True, my name literally means tree
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov 1 for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at .
Ok, sounds legit, will donate 1M trees
Sounds cool. Where are the trees being planted & what kind of trees?
Making a roof out of kindling in a fire risk zone is not recommended
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
So true. Imagine if phones were gasoline powered. Total sales would be like 14 units worldwide! Using oil/gas & being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
Will do what we can for anyplace affected by natural disasters
US clean energy incentive drops by 4% on Jan 1, so orders must be received by roughly Nov 15 to be installed in time
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for 24/7 clean energy & no blackouts at
Thanks to everyone at Tesla who worked so hard over the years to make our Fremont factory successful!
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation pic.twitter.com/M8c98GBsDC
Jerome is great! Tesla team in general is the strongest its ever been.
Yes, wight destruction guaranteed or your money back!
Will start at ~2:15. Sorry for slight delay.
That would be cool. Surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Gwynne rocks! Starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
Strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. Less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of Earth.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than 5 years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
This product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
Will do an open call Q&A
I have V1, but will switch to V3
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at 2pm
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution & support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
Tesla Q3 results: - Shanghai Giga ahead of schedule - Model Y ahead of schedule - Solar installs +48% from Q2 - GAAP profitable - Positive free cash flow
Please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
More carrot, less stick
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power & no blackouts!
Going offline for a few days
Both at the same time!
More about dealing with failure modes & roll control
Common myth, but incorrect
Prototypes are easy, but achieving volume production of a new technology is insanely hard
And the lead character is also named Woody pic.twitter.com/ZxK84rB020
Yeah, gimbal SL engines at min throttle for control, so most of impulse goes through vac engines
Conservation of energy tells you the answer
Looking forward to Kerbal 2!
Couple months, but V1.0 of Raptor Vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. Isp maybe 365 to 370 sec.
Max thrust version of Raptor should achieve true T/W > 170. Target is 1.5 ton engine with >260 t-F. Max Isp version should achieve ~380 sec, but T/W probably <120 due to big nozzle. These are just guesses for now.
Big challenge for Starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. Probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. Same goes for hydrogen & oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
To be precise, r is distance from center of masses of two objects. Center of mass of Earth is ~6400km, so gravity change is small at Space Station altitude, which is ~6800km from center of Earth. pic.twitter.com/21hICWczMq
Exactly. And you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
Will start rendering traffic cones in the display soon
Venus would be very difficult
It is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at Tesla. Takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when & how fast to move the wipers.
Those rumors are false
Ms. Chief & Ms. Tree pic.twitter.com/YgRFtq0tSc
Recommended for sure. Both movies are incredible.
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Is Space Jam good?
Sure looks that way
Depends on total system efficiency & how long the propellant plant can run to refill Starship, so 1 to 10MW as a rough guess
Whoa, that does look good!
Fair point. Will hold on EU price change until Tesla gets clarity from regulators about Smart Summon feature release date.
.@DrPatSoonShiong, are you aware that one of your senior journalists (Russ Mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
Super messed up situation!
Several finesse improvements coming to Smart Summon in coming weeks. Will be smooth as silk.
Should be much better at this point
Price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
Tesla cannot continue to lose money. To achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, Tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
Working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. Will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more FSD features being released.
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov 1
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power & no more blackouts!
Will be throughout Canada
Fundamental metric of good of Tesla is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a sustainable energy future
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is 24/7 clean power with no blackouts.
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
Important for Moonbase Alpha!
Even Gary likes it!
A Shortfall of Gravitas
siq burn, Gary, siq burn
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
the color orange is named after the fruit
Thanks for mentioning. Should be enabled on all loaner cars.
Not easily, as requires wire harness changes
All hardware is at the Cape. Need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. Launch probably late Nov / early Dec.
Culture Class is really something
Customized horn & movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
We will understand the next question
To understand the nature of consciousness
Great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
Sorry it took so long!
Not sure, will ask regulators
Enhanced should get it too
Aiming for this weekend!
Hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
First point release update expected to go out this weekend
Over 550,000 Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
If 20km works, then orbit
Great summary of the key points!
Raptor cost is tracking to well under $1M for V1.0. Goal is <$250k for V2.0 is a 250 ton thrust-optimized engine, ie <$1000/ton
I have that exact thought every time I get the flu
Clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
Lot of ways to melt & join steel. Mostly just needs to be welded consistently & with precise parts.
Thankfully not. FSW is very difficult to get right & not needed with steel.
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
Bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
In solving for a good Mars climate, we will learn a great deal about how to do so on Earth. It is the inverse problem.
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear. pic.twitter.com/EJSwqMCooA
Probably our most viral feature ever. Most of the Autopilot team has been working on this, led by Ashok, CJ, Andrej & many others.
Rage, rage against the dying of the light pic.twitter.com/aGRw4VowAQ
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Starship halves being joined pic.twitter.com/7pdxfh8e81
Well, hopefully closer to 300 bar over time. However, that the chamber/nozzle jacket has so many joints & dissimilar metals at such high pressure & temperature is what I find remarkable about it.
Probably around 6 or 7pm
What blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber & nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over 800 bar or ~12,000 psi
Media report was false
Raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
Three Raptors on a Starship pic.twitter.com/UrRiD62EVk
About a week. Will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
We look for rare corner case issues with a limited release US build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. So, soon, but hard to say exactly.
That would be a nice touch
This is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
We could probably do that
Mk1 ship is around 200 tons dry & 1400 tons wet, but aiming for 120 by Mk4 or Mk5. Total stack mass with max payload is 5000 tons.
Six. Two windward, one under each fin & two leeward. Provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
On the transporter pic.twitter.com/CGNj1MlKAU
Lifting lower section of Starship pic.twitter.com/bfW17i469a
Impressive work by Chad & Steve!
Almost entirely C++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side Java app for viewing maps & (weirdly) a 3D hockey game in VRML
Mostly C/C++, Python & SQL
It would be pretty embarrassing to use a non-Tesla battery!
This includes original engineering of new factory processes & cars. Great engineers will only join if original engineering is supported, not just localization.
Tesla is building a major engineering team in China, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory & car
For sure more than one pass coming back to Earth. To Mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
Could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling & quite robust
Better just to ride your max temp all the way down & let T^4 be your friend. Lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
Exactly. For reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. For ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. Therefore reusable like Starship wants lift during high Mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
It does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
Many powerful electric motors & batteries. Force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. More about this on the 28th.
Just sent a note to check
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free pic.twitter.com/g547UdmiJ7
Hoping to open in Slovakia, Croatia, Serbia & most of Eastern Europe early next year. Finally, we will do Nikola Tesla proud by having his cars in his countries of origin!
OG Roadster is def helping us out here with 826M miles by itself
Classified as a URO, unidentified road object (from Area 69)
SpaceX Foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for Raptor, incl our superalloy, SX500
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins & header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed. pic.twitter.com/haq3m1V1Wm
Raceway & flap hinge aero covers
Just leaving SpaceX Starship build site in Boca pic.twitter.com/Bqt40mSdX4
Super Heavy rocket will be much like Falcon 9, but the Ship is a strange combination of Dragon, F9 & a skydiver.
Approximately correct. We also fire the ACS thrusters to rotate the vehicle & ignite Raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
For aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. Flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass & pressure.
Stability is not an issue with 3
Nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. Placed up there to balance high mass of Raptors & rear fins at the bottom.
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas pic.twitter.com/HWLihqihph
Sure. Have to do it on Mars from beginning. Will ultimately do that on Earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
Will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
Great work by SpaceX parachute engineering! The Crew Dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. The Apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
A 16 year old who has better reasoning & more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
You have been warned pic.twitter.com/11CHFHUdr1
Fixing several minor bugs & a regression in highway driving, so probably early to mid next week
Much better chess engine coming
Very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. People will remember this day. Respect.
For some reason, I always loved this formula
L'Ambroisie, Place des Vosges
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
Je ne regrette Etienne
Lane offset should be much better in V10.0
A little, but this is mostly a design update for those interested
No, but very close
Rear facing, but roomier. Great for family gatherings! I did a road trip across America with my five boys & Talulah in the 7 seat Model S several years ago.
New Roadster and X will come later
No, original 5 forward facing seats plus 2 rear-facing smaller seats. The new rear seats will accommodate larger passengers than before.
Thanks, I will stop by on the 20th!
Area 51 of Area 51 pic.twitter.com/Du7i92sFaO
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine pic.twitter.com/yACFR9y04P
I want this T-shirt!
Service center expansion is at max speed, so yes
Maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. Will check.
Oh that would be fun. Will see.
Wise words from Gary the Bot
At end of quarter, there is always some error in product mix allocation between the roughly 40 global regions, due to planning mistakes & logistics problems (Earth is a big place). Small changes in prices are needed to correct local supply/demand imbalances.
The fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally & should never be a function of bargaining. This is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
Going to early access (including all who bought FSD) Tesla owners in US next week. If US early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. Might be some delays in EU for regulatory approval.
Looking into this. A fundamental premise of Tesla is that everyone is offered same terms at same time, ie what you get should never be a function of bargaining.
Personally, I think the universe looks great for 12 billion years, let alone 13.8
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at !
This is technically a Speedraptor
v^2/r is fun haha
Makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
To carry 7 people
Flux capacitor option package
Yes. To be clear, Plaid powertrain is about a year away from production & applies to S,X & Roadster, but not 3 or Y. Will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
A Flock of Bricks
This could be good
Model S is already there
Model S just set record for fastest 4 door ever at Laguna Seca, video tmrw
Will be answered on 28th
48 61 20 68 61
The hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. Marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
Failure rate is actually both higher & lower than that, as the Falcon 9 design has changed almost completely several times. Currently flying version has no failures (may fate continue to be merciful), but older versions therefore have a higher failure rate.
Not currently planning for pad abort with early Starships, but maybe we should. Vac engines would be dual bell & fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
Over time, 355 & 385 are possible, but very difficult
Ceres, Callisto, Ganymede & Titan
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest pic.twitter.com/Vh1L7hv2dW
Hoping to open in Romania soon!
Over time, it will be 100% sustainable
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Definitely for Space Force. We need to make Starfleet real.
Thanks for offering! Sure, that would be great.
We might be in one right now
Merging code branches & one more QA-level release this week. Hopefully, EAP wide release week after.
Looking good. Smart summon is almost great. Drive-in theater mode, caraoke & Cuphead are awesome.
For sure on first crewed missions for exactly that reason
Wanted to build an electric car company in college. Was going to do PhD at Stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the Internet.
A Neuralink could increase this by several orders of magnitude
Um @Porsche, this word Turbo does not mean what you think it does
Still too buggy to be in wide EAP. Requires more testing. Hopefully, going to wide EAP next week.
Gasoline is designed to burn
Anywhere insurance prices are high
Yeah, several. Smart Summon most significant.
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated.
Haha actually true pic.twitter.com/VNB822fpPT
Coming soon. Version 10.1 at latest.
Very soon, sorry for the delay
Aiming for 20km flight in Oct & orbit attempt shortly thereafter. Starship update will be on Sept 28th, anniversary of SpaceX reaching orbit. Starship Mk 1 will be fully assembled by that time.
Probably 18m for next gen system
Would love to, but import duties are extremely high, even for electric vehicles
Should be. Will fix.
Core body diameter is 9m/30ft
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars pic.twitter.com/EfENYVdOzM
Congrats SpaceX team!! pic.twitter.com/duckYSK0D4
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon & depart for the @Space_Station. pic.twitter.com/rKkUTeHson
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal pic.twitter.com/TawM5Ntj0e
Not that I know of
Yes, rather embarrassing tbh
Appears to be a wiring/connector issue
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. Better long-term, but more finicky in development.
Starhopper flight currently tracking to 5pm Texas time for 150m / ~500ft hover test
Where are additional Superchargers most needed?
Yes, last flight for Hopper. If all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for Raptor.
Exactly! Especially let your PUC commissioners/authorities know.
Looks like @SpaceX Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Yes, probably within next 6 to 9 months
Tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
Looks like a wheel of cheese
We need to complete internal QA testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about 4 weeks
Everyone who bought FSD will receive priority/early access
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version 10 with smart summon is in wide release, which is about 4 to 8 weeks away, depending on how early access goes
True, diverting a comet would be super hard. Could be done with small asteroids & a mass driver, but this is risky.
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Will probably make sense to do this when Starship Mk 1 has 3 Raptors, moving body fins & landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid September
Will be converted to Raptor vertical test stand
Trickier than it may seem on Mars, as atmospheric density is 1% that of Earth & gravity is 38%, but doable for localized warming
Yeah, would be great to get feedback from Tesla supporters
Initially Model 3, later Y
This is a great idea
Um I ate most of it
Cookie decorating contest with kids pic.twitter.com/tP06cr4Af5
Converts about 5 million tons of mass to energy every second
One click to order solar & save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Which means a small corner of Texas (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
In a few years
Yeah, legs are hydraulic pistons & abdomen is the accumulator
Generates a *lot* of energy
It is quite silly
Meaning less than a century. But this would be pretty intense.
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
Yeah, the trick is opening & closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
Hashtags are an abomination
No, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for Boring Co tunnels reinforcement imo
Simulations all the way down
Guess I sort of am already
Good conversation with head of FAA Space. Need a bit more hazard analysis & should be clear to fly soon.
Am talking to @FAA in a few hours
Stacking fairing & tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines & landing gear
That was my actual password at one point!
Stop posting my password on twitter!
No plans to introduce air suspension on Model 3 at this time
He would our first openly goth president. I think this is very important.
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Just spoke with FAA, so hopefully yes
Approx min payload to Mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100B
Between $100B and $10T
Amazing work over many years by SpaceX engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
Might take a bit longer to get through regulatory approvals. Likely September.
Priority / early access will be automatic for all owners with FSD
Probably every 2 to 4 months, depending on how much progress we make
Video is amazing with the Tesla sound system. Will include Caraoke!
FSD owners will get priority in the upload queue
Thanks for reminding me. Will rectify.
Yeah, George is a little nuts, but I like him & he often has interesting things to say
No sooner than a week. Working approvals with FAA.
Ultimately, however, what really matters is empirical safety. Nothing in life is 100% safe, so optimal figure of merit is how many millions of miles/km per accident.
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res) pic.twitter.com/sa1j10qAWi
Rocket fairing falls from space & is caught by Ms Tree boat pic.twitter.com/nJv0Ry1iKk
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing & each would count as a win
Details coming at Starship update
Not in current plans, but that may change
Vandenberg is great for polar orbits. Will still play an important role long-term, but 80%+ will be eastward.
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon & Mars!
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of 9m dome rotation & Starship airframe behind windbreak. pic.twitter.com/1cmOzkPlkn
Workin on it. One of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
The best guide by far!
Will Dojo to be the difference
His name is Eric, of course
Oh my, what a dashingly handsome hat you have!
Yes, detailed review of the first orbital Starship, explaining the pros & cons of each design decision
Very convincing! Ok, Boca it is. We should have Starship Mk1 with 3 Raptors almost ready to fly by then.
Ok, will discuss with team
Also, you can request any service from the Tesla phone app in under a minute
August 24th, either at Cape Canaveral or Boca Chica
That was our last chance to reach orbit. If it had failed, SpaceX would have died.
Will also be launching The Boring Company China on this trip
Fates loves irony pic.twitter.com/T9sMcivKGK
For other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. Also, gives a sense of demand. Current rules in India prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
Not sure. Will check with my team.
Mailing Dragon dock with Space Station is much harder than docking with our own ship for refilling. Not a problem.
Spooling up production line rapidly. Hoping to manufacture ~1000 solar roofs/week by end of this year.
Thanks Jason! Super proud to work with such great teams at SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Boring!!
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms pic.twitter.com/6DDPjcOgQH
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Falcon 9 piercing the sound barrier on reentry pic.twitter.com/pMkBaeHVqT
Thanks for letting me know
Vehicle alert seen show up automatically & enable single touch request for service for that item either from the car screen or mobile app
System automatically selects between mobile service & service center appointment. Say prefer mobile in comments to bias. We will add a check box for mobile preferred.
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
Haha probably true (sigh)
Depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of August
Tesla Service Centers & a lot more Superchargers coming to Poland later this year
Will recognize & read all signs for FSD. Focused on traffic lights & stop signs right now. Most are very easy. Difficulty is millions of corner cases.
If not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
Not currently in V10, but will try
Yes, V10 will include several games & infotainment features, improved highway Autopilot, better traffic light & stop sign recognition & Smart Summon
Maybe August, not more than a few months
Yeah, feels just like an old school drive in movie experience, but with much better sound
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
Ability to stream YouTube & Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats & surround sound audio.
Cuphead for Tesla coming out in August
Space fairies are real
Encounter in 88 pic.twitter.com/18ohUrtGQe
200m hop in a week or two
Starhopper flight successful. Water towers *can* fly haha!!
Btw, you can schedule service via the Tesla app in less than a minute
Probably 1/4 to 1/2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
Dr. Livingstone, I presume? pic.twitter.com/aV8t3s6nIz
Pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
Thin tiles on windward side of ship & nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
Testing a possible Starship windward side ceramic tile. Maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. Nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
One Space Station image for each visit
Time to face reality pic.twitter.com/WOzE2XwlQv
Center 7 engines gimbal to 15 degrees
For 37 engine config, 6 are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
To be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for Earth to orbit!
Nuclear thermal rocket for fast transit around solar system would be a great area of research for @NASA
Do EV owners use V to G a lot in Australia?
Probably have slots for up to 37 engines, but can decontent as needed. Starship update after Hopper hover.
I am become meme
Orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or Mars. Initially just Starship to Starship, later dedicated tankers.
Technically, alcohol is a solution
Starship Super Heavy with 35 Raptors
I have the t-shirt
Starship launch structure is being built off-site in steel subsections
2 to 3 months after that
Texas and Florida Starship prototypes (not Hopper) fly in 2 to 3 months
This is actually a good thing btw. China is making amazing progress in space, rapidly iterating on rocket & space station technology. Great respect.
No matter how one considers the data, there is a giant improvement from non-Autopilot to Autopilot
Maybe end of next year
Addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
Post test fuel leak, but no major damage
Aiming for hover test next week
Yeah, big advantage of being made of high strength stainless steel: not bothered by a little heat!
This non-Autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
I mostly drive Model S Performance with dev version of FSD computer. Our new Raven powertain & adaptive damping suspension is great! Next is Model 3P & then X if driving with my kids. Acceleration is fun on tap!
Thoughtful analysis. We will endeavor to provide the robots, chips & software to academia.
Neuralink surprise twist! pic.twitter.com/NdeFsHadm2
Is there a longer edit I can post?
Something like this is the best way to do it. Incent outcome, not path.
About to go live
Not easy getting a lightsaber into backpack
Agreed, should be $3k less to get to FSD from EAP
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August 16
No, since Tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
If we make all cars with FSD package self-driving, as planned, any such Tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
Basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. Team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
Presentation streaming live from at 8pm Pacific
Streaming. Check Neuralink website later today. Starts around 8pm.
We are tiny, simple creatures
To Infinity and Beyond! pic.twitter.com/dgysTBqWfV
SpaceX thruster package will be subtle. Hidden behind license plate.
Yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. Those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
Will trace back inertial measurements & wheel movements to exit multilevel garage, unless car was teleported into position, in which case all bets are off
Initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
Probably 5mph or 8 km/h
Good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
Parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. Doing an in-depth engineering review of Enhanced Summon later today.
100mT to 125mT for true useful load to useful orbit (eg Starlink mission), including propellant reserves. 150mT for reference payload compared to other rockets. This is in fully reusable config. About double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
We changed the design quite a bit. More about this in late July.
~20m up & sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully 20km up in a few months.
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
I think so. Will check.
Would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other Tesla owners in the area
The answer is always aliens pic.twitter.com/lql9XTJ7kb
I have over the years
That was a real sign
I actually asked Ashlee Vance not to write the book several times. Inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
This shampoo sounds amazing
The Cape is one of the two Starship build sites. More on this later.
May the light of consciousness shine bright
Overall successful. Aborted at T+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
To be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a Tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car
Between first development engine & first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware & software. Over time, thousands.
Upgrading to 250kW soon
Intersections with complex traffic lights & shopping mall parking lots are the two biggest software challenges. Developer branch already mostly works in these scenarios, but massive effort required to get to 99.9999% safety.
Local supporters will be invited!
End of Q4, most likely
All HW2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with Tesla FSD computer & all production in past few months has FSD computer
Starship Mk 1 & Hopper
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
Will do Starship presentation a few weeks after Hopper hovers, so prob late July. If that timing works, free LJ chips for all present!
My D&D char was NG
When sheets come loose all dignity is lost
What ants must feel like pic.twitter.com/NSsBZXnEvp
Landing on Ms. Tree pic.twitter.com/4lhPWRpaS9
Active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. Since all Tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident & do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
Best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. Makes a world of difference for pedestrians & cyclists especially.
Should be fixed soon
Meme of recursive irony pic.twitter.com/hlrfkd9yGy
Not often these days. Good way to spend time with kids though.
Playing a little Polytopia. Gonna try Solaris w my boys.
FWIW, based on calcs I did 10 years ago, cross-over point for Li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 Wh/kg. High cycle batteries are just over 300 Wh/kg today, but probably exceed 400 in ~5 years.
Jet A (kerosene) has much higher energy density than Li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less & convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
Yes, but still a bit too limited on range. That will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
Tweak music & car karaoke
Fun, little music tool coming later
Sure. Want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
One day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
They have the best merkins
These do seem like wise words
Hardly anyone noticed, but still
We worked so hard to create that exact view. Seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
2.1 sec 0-60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
About 100, assuming people want cabins. Pressurized volume is similar to A380. Could take a lot more on shorter trips.
That was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher & stability of booster in ground winds is low
There will be no Block 6. Moving to Starship architecture.
Frangible would def hurt reusability. Also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
Good to see this. Splitting interstage into 4 sections will have some challenges, but could work.
Sure, that would be an honor
Most likely. It is programmed to do so.
High entry force & heat breached engine bay & center engine TVC failed
Working on Tesla global logistics
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
High payload/delta-V missions will always be far downrange. Value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. Altitude is almost unimportant.
Center core RUD. It was a long shot.
He was the real deal
One of our main conference rooms at SpaceX is named after Goddard
Colonizing Mars one mug at a time!
Waiting for Falcon Heavy to launch means high cortisol levels. This is our toughest rocket launch ever.
Heat will breathe life into Mars
Yes! I love botanical gardens. This is my favorite:
Yeah, that sounds ideal! I love the KSC rocket garden. Spent many days there looking at rocket design details.
Chomsky is the Iago of socio-economic theory & Piketty is his docile puppet
Starship will do orbital launches from Boca Chica (near Brownsville) & Cape
Yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A pic.twitter.com/FsfFa7bRRK
Yes, they run at *much* higher pressure, but lower temperature. Thermal shock & strain are what fatigue Merlin turbine blades. Solvable for high reusability, but better to apply that engineering to Raptor.
Same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about 7 bar more
Merlin could probably do 1000 flights too. Turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. Probably some seals & bearings as well. Coking not really an issue.
Anything with high contrast
Excessive shades of grey
Other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. Raptor is designed for heavy & immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. Using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
Third revision of Enhanced Summon hopefully going to Tesla owners with early access later this week
Planning on a simplifying mod to Raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to 250 mT level
Since Raptor produces 200 tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. However, Raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
More than that now, but <10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
Full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so 500/year. Still, non-trivial at 100,000 tons of thrust/year.
Raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design & replace some parts. Production is ramping exponentially, though. SN6 almost done. Aiming for an engine every 12 hours by end of year.
After Starship returns from orbit
Mars belongs to the Martians
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
Maybe a musket with candy ammo?
A few other small things change, but pretty close
Tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. Makes both environmental & economic sense. Please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
Yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people & fewer young
We are the Von Neumann machines
Stonk tip of the day pic.twitter.com/tvPodcAtkK
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store pic.twitter.com/palYq9rPzl
Exactly. And many areas of countries showing good Internet actually have poor or no access, so those are important to address too.
One of my favorite original Roadster colors!
How about baby pink?
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June 30. Order online at .
Changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for 20 years. Every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for Model 3.
A simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
This will be our most difficult launch ever
Probably fine. Some Tesla taxis in Amsterdam have 3 times that mileage.
Actually, I stole it from my secret meme dealer #moneygang
My chariot license is made of papyrus!
Might get pushed to next month. Starhopper flight first. Waiting on engine repair.
Good question. Will consider thoughtful response.
Good analysis. Both computers will be used & sync ~20 times per second. This is a long time to a computer. Like a twin-engine plane, use both engines to max for normal operation, but can safely operate on just one.
BG2 was so good
The Ass Blade of Vengeance!
Weird that this actually happened. Music makes a big difference.
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery pic.twitter.com/DhbkDqa19B
Yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. Too complex & unwieldy.
Yeah, dual motor AWD is super fun!
RWD with all-weather tires works great. Tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. Really helps to have Newton & Maxwell on your side.
Thanks Bob! He is a tough critic.
US tax credit of $3750 drops in half for Tesla on July 1. Order online in a few mins at . Return in 7 days for full refund.
Would be good to look up electricity rates by location & optimize cost automatically
Applies to a small number of Bay Area residents, but worth checking out
Strong incentive to make up & promote negative news
Fear (and memes) get clicks
Storm Watch was active for hundreds of Powerwall customers this weekend as a result of @NWS Red Flag Fire Warnings in California, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
Absolutely agree. Major expansion of service centers underway.
Good point. Maybe we could collect rainwater, add a little antifreeze in cold climates & make it last for years.
Annual tire rotation is actually optional. Only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
China EV subsidies mostly end this month & fully end in about 7 months
155mph is common on the Autobahn. Even with only 5 offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to 31mph.
Tesla Superchargers & service centers coming to Kazakhstan this year
Yes, as you point out, it will clear up a lot of the misunderstandings
Only cars made in China are eligible for these subsidies. Tesla has never had access to them.
Read it on @BBCScienceNews pic.twitter.com/k9nJ5Q2QBS
This is my pet bee, Eric pic.twitter.com/pIjpXjLLEG
Releasing to Early Access Program Tesla owners next week
Found an old copy of @SignalApp pic.twitter.com/VY357uSeBk
Also HEPA filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
Not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. Model S & X primary HEPA filter alone is literally 1000% bigger than normal car air filter.
S/X HEPA filter is one of my favorite features
Feedback received. Restoring white interior.
Based on our data, Autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
Yeah, *way* better. Dramatically improves cost, complexity & ease of operations. Distances of ~10,000 km with decent payload seem achievable at roughly Mach 20.
Add 2 to 4 more Raptors for Starship point to point on Earth. You can go surprisingly far, even with low lift/drag. This was an unexpected result.
Yeah, the fear, uncertainty & doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against Tesla has reached new heights
I paid most of my Tesla-related expenses too. Tesla last year was actually net negative comp for me.
Would love to do exactly that
Rotate on one axis. Magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
Yes, already planned. We avoid use of certain lower Ku frequencies specifically for radio astronomy.
Aiming for sub 20ms latency initially, sub 10ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
No, Raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
Super proud of SpaceX propulsion/test/materials team! One of hardest technology problems. New high temp superalloy & internal foundry needed to make it work. Foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
Only a tiny amount. There is enough air to affect the satellites & allow some amount of yaw steering.
Propellant stays same, but almost everything else improves. Fundamental goal is minimize cost per ton to surface of Mars.
Great video. Couple notes: Raptor designed for subcooled CH4/O2, so propellant density & thrust increase up to ~8%, as needed for mission. 380 Isp & up to 50% thrust/weight improvement over time. Merlin thrust/weight doubled from V1, but Raptor is closer to optimum.
ISS is extremely gigantic & has lights
Precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
This is complete nonsense
Exactly. A car being electric & upgradable to full self-driving maximizes future resale value.
Given how many countries are limiting or setting an end date for combustion engine cars, their future resale value cars will be low. Consumers are starting to realize this.
Krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every 90 mins
Yes, 3 to 6 months
Lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
Another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps & elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
Exactly. Still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
Paperwork & hundreds of approving authorities is by far the hardest part
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome & safest place to be in an earthquake
So far, so good
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
This is simple and just works
Fairing halves recovered pic.twitter.com/F82LE8JlLJ
Krypton ion thrusters activate in about 3 hours to raise orbit
All 60 Starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
Tower with Knight is across road from SpaceX, looking at rocket
Yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. Also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
Outer engines are attached to the edge of the airframe to give the center engines room to move
Turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. Our turbopumps are vertical, have 3 fan-looking things on pump side & complex cross-flow. Liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
First flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. Probably around 20.
Vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. Sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly & at high angle for landing. Larger nozzle leaves less room to move & increases moment of inertia.
Yeah. Outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
Two tunnels about a mile long each
Aiming for 150 tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least 100 tons, allowing for mass growth
N2 for vacuum. Aero surfaces & high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
Hoping for 380 sec Isp, but at least 370. Otherwise similar to sea level version.
3 sea level optimized Raptors, 3 vacuum optimized Raptors (big nozzle)
After the GoT finale, we dropped it to 6
Mk1 & Mk2 ships at Boca & Cape will fly with at least 3 engines, maybe all 6
About to complete SN5, ramping to an engine every 3 days this summer
The turbine also spins though. Partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer & impellers.
But, essentially, the spinning things
Turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. Requires an inducer & 2 impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
Did it for the memes pic.twitter.com/jVnidsSJmj
Yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. Electric supersonic VTOL. Hard problem.
Hopefully in about 10 days
Physics favors full flow
Good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
Sorry to hear that. Will fix.
Easy to turn one of our Starlink satellites into a debris collector
Also porting Unreal Engine
Maybe so eventually, but it will be information & entertainment, not trickery
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel & pedals!
Portal 1 & 2 on this would rock
Would be great to have @Roblox & @Minecraft!
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons & XBox/PS controllers
No worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. Nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives & forks are made of.
Because a Tesla produces no emissions & filters most toxins, pollen, spores & viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Congrats on many successful launches!
And I am forever grateful pic.twitter.com/kU1pT8t0yv
Set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
Glad it worked out
Congratulations @kitkitschool & @onebillion on creating great open source literacy software!
Starlink mission will be heaviest @SpaceX payload ever at 18.5 tons. If all goes well, each launch of 60 satellites will generate more power than Space Station & deliver 1 terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
Probably start installing end of next month
SN4 is done. Hawthorne is working on SN5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of SN6 through SN10.
The opposite. Any insights gained by one team must be shared with the other, but other team not required to use them.
Both sites will make many Starships. This is a competition to see which location is most effective. Answer might be both.
SpaceX is doing simultaneous competing builds of Starship in Boca Chica Texas & Cape Canaveral Florida
GoT season finale leaked pic.twitter.com/wMoLFDSsbt
Completely agree. Every Tesla should have good art & music creation software.
It is flat-packed. No dispenser.
More details on day of launch, currently tracking to Wednesday
Much will likely go wrong on 1st mission. Also, 6 more launches of 60 sats needed for minor coverage, 12 for moderate.
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
First 60 @SpaceX Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit. pic.twitter.com/gZq8gHg9uK
We have 2 dogs & 1 cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
Cats, probably not tbh
By Spiderwee on Artstation pic.twitter.com/wE3HOKeZSt
How about being able to look through any of the cameras?
.@cgpgrey drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America
Competition is good. Results in a better outcome for all.
We could have gamed an LA/NY Autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with Tesla Full Self-Driving will be able to do it too
That journey will have a diff age rating
Latest Model S is slightly faster
Basically begging for it
Yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
I was just there about a month ago
Just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Oh. They have nice pictures there.
There are people not on Twitter!? Where are they?
Does look like fun
One of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. Version 1 sometimes took days.
My security car is called Baby Smurf
Also, Blood, Gandalf the Grey & Superdraco
Effectively throttles via tight impulse width control & hundreds of small firings
Not to be taken literally, of course. He means any maker of dairy products.
Wow, how did they take this video!?
Looks about 18 light-minutes away
SpaceX needs to demonstrate more progress with Starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
.@NASA support for reusability with high reliability, the critical breakthrough for orbital rockets, has made a big difference
Also 1000 times more fun!
Later this month. We need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
Margaritaville is one of my fav songs
Only if unable to order by May 10
Here you go pic.twitter.com/CNhJwBCmx6
What should be developed on Ethereum?
Of 14M futures, 13.9M were simply death by boredom
How many futures are there actually?
Starships on Mars pic.twitter.com/AyKEO6ATiZ
Starship on the moon pic.twitter.com/UGjDG8ofID
Physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
Sensors are for the weak. Just go open loop.
As sure as night follows day
Once had a Great Dane named Hamlet, because Hamlet was a great Dane
The only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid!
Not as far as I know
Quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
NVIDIA is a great company, but we needed (essentially) a dedicated ASIC for vision-based driving, whereas their solution needs to serve many different customer needs.
I think it will be something like that. Much more productive to manage a fleet of robotaxis than only drive one taxi yourself.
Exactly, Tesla & Nvidia numbers described by Pete were max *usable* teraops running our vision net
Only see about 5% of mentions. No deep logic to those I answer. Aspirationally useful, but often whimsical.
No, just preparing for untethered hover tests
Great work by Tesla China team & supporting contractors!
Hoping to cover all of Eastern Europe this year
UK order page will go live around May 1 or 2
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May 10 for those unable to order by May 1
UK Model 3 order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand & Hong Kong
Will be sentient, of course
Range will be above 1000km
More like $1000, but varies by country due to big differences in tax
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May 1. You can order online at .
Like blowing twigs too?
Can order online in 2 mins for home delivery & return in 7 days for full refund
Perhaps the Internet has some helpful suggestions?
We can probably just repurpose Model 3 HVAC parts. Not a big deal.
Long lasting battery + fast recharge > pack swap
Maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Yeah, there was a major change in last several months. Everyone noticed, Fred. Hello.
Thanks, support super appreciated
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over 500% *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
Those who predicted Tesla & EVs would be dead & autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for 6-12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers 5+ years late. Why the double standard?
Exactly. By end of this quarter, about half a million Teslas will have full self-driving hardware (pending computer swap) & we will make another half million FSD cars by mid next year.
As a robotaxi, probably closer to 16 hours, accounting for empty legs, travel to charger/cleaning/service, wait times, etc. ~30 mile penalty most likely imo over ~120 paid miles. Impact is signicant for electricity cost, battery wear cost & larger range pack needed.
Anyone who did this analysis should interview at Tesla
Upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
Is that a real billboard?
On yeah, that too
Warning, this presentation is 4 hrs & 20 mins long
All cars made since Oct 2016 either have the hardware needed for FSD or are trivially upgradeable
Yeah, will post soon
Happy Home Planet Day!
Actual Tesla range is about 5 miles / 8 km past zero
The Internet is insane
Never seen anything like it. Tesla is just trying to make electric cars & solar power for a better future for all. True, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
Milady, my shield is yours
We are very tiny
Put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. Anything hydrophobic from hardware store or Tesla service can do it.
I love your castle
Are you me or are you you?
Original moth meme pic.twitter.com/BYDQRzIine
Common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel & oxidizer
My Twitter is pretty much complete nonsense at this point
Like thug, but rural
Are you good with sheep?
Yeah, gave everything I had to Tesla in Dec 2008
Rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
Engines seem ok, pending inspection
Winter in snowfall is so beautiful
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
Haha true. I actually love horses.
Love Just Water btw
Starship will land on a ring of fire
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
How embarrassing. Will change.
We will. You read it right.
Good point, small oil is a problem too
Yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! Unbelievable that WSJ would write something so false.
True, Bloomberg is almost as bad
Starship is kinda Gundam
Mr Buffett, please stop destroying Dairy Queen. In the name of all that is holy, please stop.
Yes, all cars with Autopilot 2.0 or higher, so ~400,000 of Tesla cars built to date
There will be that too, but economics will favor initial purchase
Hopefully have the order page live before then. If not, will push price change out a bit later.
Not good enough yet. Pushing release by a few weeks. Will be amazing.
Tesla will start FSD computer upgrade in a few months
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins & have it delivered to your house (return within 7 days for full refund)
Cryptocurrency is my safe word
Model 3 drive unit & body is designed like a commercial truck for a million mile life. Current battery modules should last 300k to 500k miles (1500 cycles). Replacing modules (not pack) will only cost $5k to $7k.
On April 22, Investor Autonomy Day, Tesla will free investors from the tyranny of having to drive their own car
That would be cool to do one day
Other automakers change prices constantly & substantially by varying rebates & discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. Tesla is transparent & consistent.
LHD order page should be live within a few weeks. Deliveries start hopefully June/July.
Leasing now available for Model 3
Am basically doing continuous AMA on Twitter!
This is true. They each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters & steerable parachutes.
Made on Earth by humans
Recovered from water, but undamaged
The Falcons have landed pic.twitter.com/BGQRNuYMVH
.@SpaceX team would be so honored to fly this for @NASA!
Upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. Will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
Haha sure sounds like it
Probably something notable to announce in a few months
I hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. Symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
Found a pic pic.twitter.com/sVohudrKQK
First flight for Falcon Heavy Block 5 means there is some risk of failure between 5% to 10% imo. Many good design improvements from Falcon Heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
Norway has already proven it could be done last month. No question Australia could do this in far fewer than 11 years.
Building primary structure completion seems on track for May, but then it will take several months to install & activate factory equipment
Love Brunel. Great first name too.
Mobile can do it no problem
Two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each SoC having two NN accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
Yes. Working through regulatory approvals.
Any user input counts
Car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. Just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability >> human.
It will enable video when parked & connected to WiFi. All Tesla Superchargers will have free WiFi over time.
To make core AP more affordable
That would be cool. Color variation causes havoc though.
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules & processes, so just takes time.
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Base AP will have same NN, so core functionality also improves
Many different regulatory authorities. Just takes time.
Starhopper just lifted off & hit tether limits! pic.twitter.com/eByJsq2jiw
Max thrust of 2550 tons will be almost 10% higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
How much is it?
Please fix your paywall. Your content is great, but your paywall is not.
Yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
Great work with Stripe btw. Much needed.
Sentry Mode is barely at V1.0. Will improve a lot in coming months.
Also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through 2nd side windows & rear window.
Will take care of it
Yes, needs to drive best clear path. Lane lines are just one input.
Totally agree. Tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
Glad you like it! Sorry about the trouble earlier. Helpful feedback for improving the car!
Night mode with 0% brightness is actually too dark during the day. This is ultimately our fault. We will update our software so that 0% brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
Change your screen preference from night mode to auto
These rumors are untrue!
Responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! Weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
Some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. Hopefully overcome soon.
What could possibly go wrong?
And even tinier ones for tardigrades
Going forward, all Tesla stores will be tiny & have tiny cars
Meant to say young, but spelled it wrong
Solid work by Keen, as usual
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter
Final edit was on Ableton
Surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. System would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective.
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars pic.twitter.com/ttEpcW5d8G
This might be my finest work
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
Emo G Records pic.twitter.com/anVkKeFMGr
Instagram comments are coding in emojis
The quality of emojis varies wildly
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks!
No, but for sure the other way around!
Anyone who bought FSD will get it
Yes. Sensitive propulsion & avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon 1.
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow.
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate.
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability.
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team!
No, it is one week either way.
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon.
Only when Y is in production
Every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares
Import tariffs, VAT & transport costs
To be precise, midnight on April 1, so effective April 2
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April 1
About to be upgraded to Chromium
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off
Sounds like a good idea
How to win the boss fight in Sekiro
Agreed, you can only win each prize once
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep & wide
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too.
Best to get a Tesla Powerwall, so you can power your house & also drive
Probably start Australia builds in late May or June & start arriving in winter
White-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around 1650 Kelvin
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium & carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach 8 or 9, moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment.
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles pic.twitter.com/PycE9VthxQ
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
Only some of the hottest sections
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump & combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship & Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations.
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine & stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely.
First (really short) hops with one engine. Suborbital flights with three.
Goes against interests of all Texans
Wow, this is crazy
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at .
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations & we try to build in batches to simplify production
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck pic.twitter.com/hLsGsdyuGA
There was something, but no one caught it
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
The hardest joke ever
Plug in a USB drive to record video
Comes with 2019.8, which finishes validation this week
Sure, that would be great
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model 3. Order online at before then for current prices.
Yeah, it might break
Software release later this week should make it better
Pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
Most likely, but this is contingent upon NASA review & approval
Best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
Raptor on way to Hopper. Will be mounted to vehicle next week.
NK-33 & RD 170/180 are exceptional
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX! We have always admired your rocket/spacecraft technology.
Thank you on behalf of the people of SpaceX!
All good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
Phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version 3
Yes, invitations go out tomorrow
Getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays & updated software with battery warmup results in >2X improvement in fleet charge time
We will spend 3 or 6 months with public beta of V3 in North America, make sure there are no corner case issues & then begin buildout worldwide.
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from 135kW to 250+kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of 4 best case & more than 2 for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
Extremely important merch pic.twitter.com/3ZUin7kzYk
Net power to warm pack is especially low when motors are running, as coolant loop routes motor heat to the pack when outside is cold (& rejects motor heat to air when outside is warm)
Ukraine did play a major role
If you navigate to Supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
Thanks, that sounds great!
Tesla comms is fixing. That was a mistake.
Gap in understanding is that $35k Model 3 production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. Extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing S-curve.
No, just literally having toast & jam while playing Jamming
Having toast & jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
Yes, anyone will be able to take videos
No, that unveil is later this year
Slightly higher drag * slightly higher frontal area affects air friction & mass affects rolling resistance & hill climb. Physics is the law.
Detailed specs & pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Model Y, being an SUV, is about 10% bigger than Model 3, so will cost about 10% more & have slightly less range for same battery
Model Y unveil event on March 14 at LA Design Studio
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed 8pm
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above pic.twitter.com/JUWkOrWjsH
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International @Space_Station pic.twitter.com/CccsItLLvJ
Yes, she would be able to breathe
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on @Space_Station solar arrays. pic.twitter.com/ELsxgLIvf0
Something like this could work
Everyone knows Earth is hollow
Model S will be raised to 162mph too
Thank you. May you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. Also, thank you to @NASA, without whom this would not be possible.
Power will increase on all cars. Top speed on 3P increases to 162mph. Range on RWD 3 increases to 325 miles.
Yes, new cars and existing fleet
Firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% & top speed by 10 km/h or 7mph
Spoiler alert: not Porsche
Thank you on behalf of the many people of SpaceX
Lightning bolt right before launch
Earth floats gently in zero gravity pic.twitter.com/XUH3KeDPVe
Will take a few days for system update
Yeah, we need a few days to update the system. If anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
If you bought enhanced autopilot, FSD upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
He is the sensor!
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch! pic.twitter.com/CRO26plaXq
Yeah, just use a dryer outlet. High power, easy to install & low cost.
Explanation from Tesla later today
Base Model 3 available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia 6 to 8 months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes & import duties mean price may be 25% or more above US number.
No reductions from here
For sure. It fundamentally improves quality of life.
Best choice for most people is standard range plus with Autopilot
Exact Tesla Model 3 in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives & takes 1 minute to buy online at
I think we should do something here. Will talk with team & send out a note in next few days.
Should be ~5% peak power increase with March 15 software release
Scheduled for March 15 release, along with many other improvements
Everyone who bought Enhanced Autopilot will get Navigate on Autopilot on highways, advanced summon & autopark
I was being too obvious
Make the Mars Technocracy real
Stop censoring science! pic.twitter.com/R4XEtymtnH
Because it costs $2500 to transport to east coast & everyone pays same
Maybe active in a month or so. Focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
Exactly. This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight.
Thank you Evelyn, I loved it
Oh hi lol pic.twitter.com/9WvbtTHoxS
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Meetings are a valuable use of time! pic.twitter.com/sDcKdBp5e5
Yes, lot of risk
Focusing on Starship instead
Deorbits & burns up over the Pacific
Upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of Merlin. It will get fragged for sure by aero loads & Dragon abort thrusters.
Including Heavy, which is 3 cores, around 20 or so
High probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by Dragon supersonic abort test. Otherwise, at least 20 or 30 missions for Falcon 9. Starship will take over before the F9 fleet reaches end of life.
Crew Dragon high altitude abort test
Always liked Kestrel. It was the Robin Hood of engines.
Advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. Once we have a city on Mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
SN2 has changes that should help
Merlins. The max chamber pressure run damaged Raptor SN 1 (as expected). A lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with SN 2, which is almost done.
Anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. No need though. We have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
Exactly. Super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
You can see the streaks on the vacuum Merlin nozzle in flight videos
Pinter injector tends to have hot & cold streaks. Hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
Essentially, yes. Great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on Mars.
We are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
Not true. Limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure & temperature in oxygen preburner
Whoever owns the early BTC deserves a Nobel prize in delayed gratification
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of 2019 probably around 500k, ie 10k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about 400k.
Tesla made 0 cars in 2011, but will make around 500k in 2019
4000 Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe pic.twitter.com/BODbSzo3Fr
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from @RickandMorty
Agreed. Also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
Pics are so clear in space!
That last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
I had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering & manufacturing problems at Tesla (especially) & SpaceX
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel pic.twitter.com/zWlqNwGj0R
Yes, Autopilot max speed is 5mph above speed limit off highway or 90mph on highway
Of course I still love you pic.twitter.com/XNoLRKYnlc
This is in addition to existing Cabin Overheat Protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
True, that headline is not exactly going to win a Pulitzer for originality
Probably a month or two. Sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
Yeah, but simpler. Needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
Starship & Super Heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version 1. Very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on Falcon, even though liquid oxygen is 2/3 vehicle mass & helium weighs basically nothing.
Luke, I am your farter.
Sorry Had a vital mission in Norway Now I am back
Moon first, Mars as soon as the planets align
On my bedside table
A biography on Korolev has center place in my study
Just planning on keeping the public informed about progress & setbacks. Will be some RUDs along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
At least 10X cheaper
But not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. Nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
Much above 300 bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of 700 to 800+ bar. Definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
Propellant was not deep cryo. CH4 & O2 were just barely below liquid temp at 1 bar. In theory, Raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. However, only 250 bar is needed for nominal operation of Starship/Super Heavy.
Yes, aiming for 380 sec Isp with vac nozzle. Maybe 382 if we get lucky.
I think 6 where we lit main chamber & several with only preburners
Raptor reached 268.9 bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by @SpaceX engine/test team! pic.twitter.com/yPrvO0JhyY
Booster center of mass is much lower & more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
Technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). T^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
Prob wise for version 1 to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
Welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. To the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
Sentry Mode (and Dog Mode) roll out next week
Design requires at least 170 metric tons of force. Engine reached 172 mT & 257 bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means 10% to 20% more with deep cryo.
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship & Super Heavy pic.twitter.com/NcqnAVWc35
Sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through Zeebrugge first time. Cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
VAT of ~20% & import duties of ~10% usually result in a 30% higher cost in Europe
Glad you like it
Spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners & main chamber
Will do, although SpaceX reddit is very well-informed. Really impressive analysis by some commenters.
Engine use methox torch igniters. Green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by @SpaceX team!! pic.twitter.com/S6aT7Jih4S
We will when it rolls out
At @SpaceX Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine pic.twitter.com/ACFM8AtY8w
Only a matter of time pic.twitter.com/8Eqn554hK0
That might be the ultimate superpower
Haha how is this even real?
No, payload will actually increase
Just bought oh yeah
No plans to do so. Would recommend Model S.
Well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where I mistakenly thought I was smart
Still up to 31. Will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
Initially making one 200 metric ton thrust engine common across ship & booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) & sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at @SpaceX Texas pic.twitter.com/8JCOi1BG6z
Will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like F9
Yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide Mach regime & angle of attack
And Tesla Gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
About 10 orbit synch windows, which are every 26 months, so self-sufficiency around 2050
Max Tegmark is great
3 guys standing on roof of skyscraper. 1st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. He jumps off & is blown back on roof. 2nd guy tries & goes splat. 3rd guy: that was a dirty trick Superman.
SpaceX documentary actual footage pic.twitter.com/RrEwYwMNgj
Sure hope that happens
We are so tiny
Host meme review? pic.twitter.com/k2SFtIUh1k
All doors unlock automatically when the Tesla comes to a stop after an accident. There is both primary & backup power to doors, brakes, steering & airbags.
Cool that this is happening on many fronts. Looks like a good design by @Boeing.
Many cold weather improvements coming via OTA software
That would be so cool!
Rough beta in 2 to 3 weeks
Feature has now been in place for 8 months
These are industrial strength. Not recommended for use at home!
Testing metallic heat shield at 1100C (2000F) @SpaceX pic.twitter.com/frP5eZ5a0z
Sure. Also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
The youth love em
Actual tanks are fine
~1750K is peak heating expected on about 20% of Starship for LEO entry, ~1600K on 20%. Rest drops below 1450K, so no heat shield needed. Radiative cooling at T^4 takes care of 60% of the ship. Another reason for steel.
I just heard. 50 mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night & fairing was blown over. Will take a few weeks to repair.
310S stainless is better for high temp outer skin, as it can take ~1450 Kelvin, so active cooling with cryogenic fuel only has to mitigate 300 degrees of delta temp
Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved.
Yes. Also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze & block cooling channels.
Coming soon. Lots of unique road markings & signs in each country.
When going to ~1750 Kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
Roughly 4 to 20 minutes for light to travel from Earth to Mars
Director of CERN asked me about Boring Co building the new LHC tunnel when we were at the @royalsociety. Would probably save several billon Euros.
Blood moon over LA tonight (@kzooastro) pic.twitter.com/AgeMmYjss3
The @Space_Station zooms around the world about every 90 mins
Tesla is the safest car according to US govt testing
I wish them well. Track record in auto startups is tough. Thousands of US auto startups, but only Ford & Tesla have avoided bankruptcy. A similar scenario is likely in all countries.
Order must occur before Feb 1
No, the whole referral incentive system will end
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb 1. If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla & give them 6 months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
I think some of them should combine forces. Talent is spread too thin.
How many electric vehicle startups are there? Seems like a lot.
Teslarati is very thoughtful & well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by SpaceX
The LA Times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on SpaceX & Tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
The source info is incorrect. Starship & Raptor development is being done out of our HQ in Hawthorne, CA. We are building the Starship prototypes locally at our launch site in Texas, as their size makes them very difficult to transport.
About $15M/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750M plus maybe $50M/station
LA is so beautiful after the rain pic.twitter.com/caXOWAXcOM
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from @Space_Station viewport pic.twitter.com/WE82irbsmp
Falcon comes home pic.twitter.com/vCtOtHSbdn
We are not yet offering the mid range Model 3 in Europe
Obv must be more pointy tho
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon 9 Hopper
Body/tank diameter is 9m or about 30ft
Should be done with first orbital prototype around June
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the @SpaceX Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering. pic.twitter.com/k1HkueoXaz
Getting some regulatory pushback. May not be available in all regions.
Plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than 2 mins & give it back for a full refund for any reason
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of 3/Y for greater China. All Model S/X & higher cost versions of Model 3/Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
Shanghai Giga output is just for greater China, not North America. Affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
Shanghai Giga production of Model 3/Y will serve greater China region
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model 3 production end of year & reach high volume production next year
Looking forward to breaking ground on the @Tesla Shanghai Gigafactory today!
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Falcon 9 on launch pad with Crew Dragon & new astronaut walkway pic.twitter.com/aopO67qe4F
Spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. We used that for the Hyperloop vacuum tunnel. However, Starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
I do love Tintin
More on this in a few months
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc. pic.twitter.com/D8AJ01mjyR
Aiming for 4 weeks, which probably means 8 weeks, due to unforeseen issues
Engines currently on Starship hopper are a blend of Raptor development & operational parts. First hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in California. Probably fires next month.
Life is made of ups & downs
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
What you think I do
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
There are no coincidences pic.twitter.com/9AEbbuXZGn
Weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
Btw, I like your gaming equipment
Sounds great, will connect you with Tesla Energy
Singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery & be energy-independent
Yes, support of the Chinese government is very much appreciated
Govt has been unwelcome
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison & Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board! pic.twitter.com/CQyvkgsCsT
Tesla team did a great job!
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Probability at 60% & rising rapidly due to new architecture
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville & across Mexico.
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities & working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in 5 days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Starship will look like liquid silver
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship pic.twitter.com/rRoiEKKrYc
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas pic.twitter.com/MtxkuhDDdE
Engineering is true magic
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for 12000 psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to 300 bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster & orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well & thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons & Mars.
This test hopper is at full body diameter of 9m / 30 ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height & diameter.
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys & new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery & customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model 3 orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Only if Dawkins joins
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every 90 minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in 2 mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) & tow or flatbed it out
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake? pic.twitter.com/vxcZ2Hi2qx
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber & a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp & elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding 3rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of 100,000 people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles & let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated & belted for high speed safety.
Next step for @BoringCompany Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is 4000 vehicles/hour at 155mph (250km/h).
Presentation starting at 8:15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination & then drives on normal roads back to start
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians & cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over 150mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in @boringcompany tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train & back again pic.twitter.com/3a6i0NoSmi
Boring product launch will be streamed live at 8pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Yeah, I wrote that back in 2006, almost 13 years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers & cell phones. It takes many design iterations & vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability. pic.twitter.com/Z81VfL0yaz
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats & just wipe it off.
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build & interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
About 10 to 14 days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get 3 days to return for full refund vs 1 day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Probably end of next year
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
60 Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to 14 mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware 3 computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over 10X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs & roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past 2 years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars & takes highway interchanges & off-ramps.
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had 7% of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe & later China.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
Boring Company product launch on Dec 18. More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars & ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing pic.twitter.com/6Hv2aZhLjM
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon. pic.twitter.com/O3h8eCgGJ7
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump & lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged & is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out & launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly 10% range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket & fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
Three things, one of which is CH4
Not worth going below 80% imo. Even 90% is still fine. Also, no issue going to 5% or lower SoC.
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
That would be cool
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor & more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
7 to 10 years
Engineers, artists & creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Varies per person, but about 80 sustained, peaking above 100 at times. Pain level increases exponentially above 80.
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on 40 hours a week
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
1000 liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs 0.1 cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks & heatshield
Signing off for a while
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
Renaming BFR to Starship
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of 95% to 100% of population in all active markets.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts & processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service & lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA & USAF are supportive.
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon 9 second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Congratulations @BoringCompany on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology! pic.twitter.com/80WbSQekCQ
Missed miku concert sigh
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation & transport
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for 3 min bulk discount.
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks & a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours pic.twitter.com/gx2l84M3f7
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks & we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe & Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies & secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Will try again next month
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination & delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms & partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
That is true & should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
Good, but not hospital grade. S & X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid & alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model 3.
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S & X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon 9 second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec 10. Runs parallel to 105 freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to 405.
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating & decelerating
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec 10. Will be very one-dimensional.
Yes, that is how
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets. pic.twitter.com/GcRL2uN7J7
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa & South America end of next year, with broader expansion in 2020
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China & Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules & packs at China Giga, as we do today in California & Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by @Panasonic at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob 2 to 3 weeks
Bring Me the Horizon pic.twitter.com/sCQpEofnPg
Aiming for next week
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Car will drive to your phone location & follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past 2 years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer & secretary. Guess I have to keep 1st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought 3P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund & free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after 10M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
On Insta, 10% of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get 1%.
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model 3, so bikes can fit in trunk
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
I said dankest not darkest omg
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Fire and Ice pic.twitter.com/ulgSZ1wlPl
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
My twitter feed rn pic.twitter.com/48Ay7CxR56
Then the hell with science!
Send me ur dankest memes!!
Fresh puro from my meme dealer pic.twitter.com/EdU5uJVVne
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model 3 was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements & no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model 3 was product alone.
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit & finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S & X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov 1. Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model 3 body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Twitter thought I got hacked & locked my account haha
And I own a chibi Wolverine
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
This is a ~ 6000 ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
155 mph | 250 km/h
Opening event that night & free rides for the public next day
The first tunnel is almost done
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Had to been done ur welcome pic.twitter.com/7jT0f9lqIS
I hope this is true!
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model 3 long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model 3 & super simple new order page
Love the Reddit comments too
Tomorrow brings a lemur pic.twitter.com/rm6S17h35q
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months & all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between 500% & 2000%
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU & better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! 45,000 people now.
It is time to create a mecha
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Whole beer keg fits in Model 3 trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth & half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens & we destroy ourselves
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of @USAirForce much appreciated. pic.twitter.com/76vsbkCN6n
Studebaker Museum in South Bend pic.twitter.com/Odti9y0McC
Punctuality is not my strong suit
It sure does. Very reliable.
Falcon has landed pic.twitter.com/joqphUs1AO
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after 25,000 miles. The black & white interior is def best imo.
What city & what Model 3 config?
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively & consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market & without clear consent of the shareholder
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base & gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to 1000 more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar & side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
!! Will take action.
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Probably 2028 for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha pic.twitter.com/O1llQp8rFY
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have 50% on front, 50% on rear & still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling & driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
.@NHTSAgov will post final safety probability stats soon. Model 3 has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
31 engines, but with room to add 11 more down the road. Kinda have to.
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Will do. Love Reddit.
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions & anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket & spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with @yousuck2020 before the @SpaceX moon mission announcement pic.twitter.com/RTOwutzMtG
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied & this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting @NASA crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
My fav tweet ever
@ummjackson if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within 24 hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in 100+ years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only 10 cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look 3D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red & it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving 2 of 7 Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black & Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Will do soon, as promised
I am a business magnet
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Will be on @JoeRogan at 9:30pm Pacific on Thursday
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model 3 is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white & red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth & complexity
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
So you actually did nothing & yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is @yoda.
Answer the question @yoda. You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus & high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be 100% renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
The extension cord was 1000 miles long, but still
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version 10. Just played Missile Command, Asteroids & Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Ford & Tesla are the only 2 American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen & company. Our hardware needs were just unique & matched tightly to our software.
Model 3 review by Unbox ... via @YouTube
Missile Command & Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
49 20 77 61 73 2e 20 53 6f 72 72 79 20 74 6f 20 68 61 76 65 20 6d 69 73 73 65 64 20 79 6f 75 2e
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Great Q&A @defcon last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla & SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new & delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model 3 & bringing Y to market
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner & cards
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on & post a selfie
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Tesla deliveries & AP hardware chart by @lexfridman at MIT pic.twitter.com/6vZxKMcec2
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother & less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every 6 months or so (like SpaceX)
Shareholders could either to sell at 420 or hold shares & go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Great work by @OpenAI. Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model 3 Performance is higher value for money
Def worth it. Model 3 Performance is next-level.
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
Still as true today as it was 6 years ago
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability & creativity.
Good idea & thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Some of best classic @Atari games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about 4 weeks. Thanks @Atari!
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining 0.14% is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from 30+ days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
We should be really worried about this
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build >100 million units per year with extreme precision & brutal economics. Great background.
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real & imaginary
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on @SpaceX so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 & beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Congratulations to all teams in the student @Hyperloop competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
It is much better
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Btw, 1792 is calling & wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime & save lives of many birds.
Yes, that will probably be its first use
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over 2000 S/X and 5000 Model 3 *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip & width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires & wider on rear for best performance. You might get 3.3 sec 0-60 mph or better with optimized rims & tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths & suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness & according to specifications from the dive team leader.
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about 0.5% of what I donated to @SierraClub, which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Hold up a mirror & see if it fogs
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Lvl 16 Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yeah, but I got 100 gp & Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship pic.twitter.com/CFYBo3ZofE
Performance version suspension is 1cm lower & has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics & engineering
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing 3 day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy & vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team & potential for the future.
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave 3. They stopped shortly after boys were rescued & water level rose to roof level all way back to cave 1. That was great work.
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump & generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
No, it means I created jobs for 50,000 people directly and, through parts suppliers & supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry & at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review & discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey & demonstrate at any time.
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
A second one that is 30cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage pic.twitter.com/2z01Ut3vxJ
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is 31cm
Mini-sub arriving in about 17 hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks @palicharterhigh for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
It is both alarming & explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio & phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): 4 air / oxygen ports front & rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to 10X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights & adjust bouyancy.
4 handles/hitch points on front & 4 on rear. 2 air tank connections on front & 2 on rear, allowing 1 to 4 tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Construction complete in about 8 hours, then 17 hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience & tenacity of kids & diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by 2 divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod & vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary & less susceptible to panic attack.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube & rock wall.
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks & front/rear rope tow hitch & lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Inflatable tubes & pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand & is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
Does you know output voltage & amperage of those generator trucks? 3 phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX & Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like 1st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. 2nd & 3rd would need battery packs, air pumps & tubes. If depth of 2nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up & then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob 10X to 1000X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance & exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Maybe worth trying: insert a 1m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network & inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof & auto-conform to odd shapes like the 70cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for & parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you & believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: @lopezlinette, did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. @cnbc, I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
@lopezlinette has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so @sal19 of @Reuters wrote article that misled public about Model 3 production & followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work @sal19 & @Reuters.
.@Reuters, why did you mislead the people public about this number?
.@Reuters is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by 800 cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie 1,900/week. Tesla built 1,913 S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera & onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below 15 ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
You never know ..
Ideas & corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow. pic.twitter.com/ov4aLIwzKz
Open the Knaack HAL pic.twitter.com/EG47rvPppF
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more & better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working & has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
400 to 500 mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
300,000 lb towing capacity
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty 240V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque & a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically & have 360 degree cameras & sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances & what would be seriously next level?
We must aspire to truth
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children & those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan & often inaccurate
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death & hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe & open to all.
A billion at most, so 20% max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Good news coming soon
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life & duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum & Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic 20 -> IBM PC
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Looks so sus when we paint cars red pic.twitter.com/SIO2nInjhJ
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
Tesla factory rn pic.twitter.com/EbgRDhRZ0m
What is my purpose? Sentient seats. pic.twitter.com/s9aHHyDoud
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car & understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Frank Herbert & Falcon Heavy
@Money23Green Thanks for coming by our car factory with @westcoastbill. Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over 22 years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of 40% seems about right. Below 30% is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced & above 50% too negatively affects economic output.
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are you going to march?
I am one of the top donors to @ACLU
I hope the kids are ok
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga & spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) & other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it & attacked me personally
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter & simpler than most.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest & failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in 2010. Tesla can only hire 5% of applicants, so must be doing something right.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
SX 300 & soon SX 500. Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by 40% of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
Read Das Kapital when I was 14, incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother & I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption & wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape & size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time. pic.twitter.com/s8g76wTqLl
I always wanted to do a terms & conditions cover of Green Eggs & Ham
Foundation Series & Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks & George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
My donations are anonymous
Already sold >$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about 20 years when Tesla is steady state.
We use less than 3% cobalt in our batteries & will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version 9 software
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered: pic.twitter.com/4LToWoxScx
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a 2 seater instead of a 2+2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Not recommended for urban environments
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model 3 production reaches 5k/week steady.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now & fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version 9. To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional & city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe & Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR & Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps & calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages & business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading & real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at 17 w $2000, a backpack & a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro & Greg Khouri (love bro & loved Greg, may he RIP)
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
I think so :)
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower pic.twitter.com/HewJf66hh2
First 1000 Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today! pic.twitter.com/hBMp5fGzAB
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model 3 pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model 3 Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on 100% renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with 50% larger inner diameter
Running track in @SpaceX BF Spaceship will look something like this pic.twitter.com/563upTfV58
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model 3 will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S & X w HW2 Autopilot & all Model 3 cars.
No way 6 mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, 7 mins is obv right.
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to 6 months though, not 2 years.
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of 4
We have about 11,000 projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. 250MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Mid 2019 for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel & it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model S & X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter & a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model 3.
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
True, no one is perfect
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading & point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair & accurate in their criticism.
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube & each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design & SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence & abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
You have so many great pics & factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions & not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size & stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp & dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force & catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Had a great time with my kids
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model 3 started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks @ConsumerReports for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model 3 Performance will have red calipers & sport level brakes
Will do another rev before final design
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender & make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
Because Twitter is fun
Nanotech is so 2008. Picotech is 1000 times better.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Pretty good. TinTin A & B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away & our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
All four. Zone 3 throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model 3 was designed for min engineering & tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe & Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone 4. Will play a key role in getting from 3000/week to 6000/week for Model 3.
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year & is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in 2015 when we were just figuring things out.
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Have a confirmed real name identity section & an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
Maybe after you get your Model 3, we can talk about what you like & what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March 15 is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
What car do you drive?
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek & unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis & Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together & messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics & backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM & Chrysler to bankruptcy & lost 200,000+ jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over & now it has 10k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry & everyone knows it.
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model 3 now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise & many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model 3 Performance power output a little
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
Very strange. Model 3 is designed to have super good stopping distance & others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out & address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues & give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is 2X better than when plant was UAW & everybody already gets healthcare.
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to @NASA Plum Brook vacuum chamber pic.twitter.com/BckUBkroLw
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, 1st you need achieve target rate & then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model 3 right away wd cause Tesla to lose money & die. Need 3 to 6 months after 5k/wk to ship $35k Tesla & live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
About 2% of Tesla, incl salaried & hourly, union & non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally & on social media & lied about it.
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model 3 in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about 1000/week right now.
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also 310 miles. Takes 0-60mph to 4.5 sec & top speed to 140 mph.
Black & white interior available only for Model 3 Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but 15% quicker & with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model 3: 3.5 sec 0-60mph 155 mph Top Speed 310 mile Range
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself & zero paperwork.
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
AC induction front & switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output & get double the burn-in.
Working on Model 3 dual motor all-wheel drive & performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
He taunts us with his speed
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Will be presenting & taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at 7pm on Thursday
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better & we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives & reduces injuries should be released.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx 4X better than avg.
SpaceX will prob build 30 to 40 rocket cores for ~300 missions over 5 years. Then BFR takes over & Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars & eventually outer planets.
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Will make that a setting
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD & performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true @Hyperloop w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels & faster than jetliner.
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country & will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S & X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X & S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high & you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML 1.0
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
Definitely not a logo of any kind
We sketched concept together & worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels & the artists only a small fraction of these numbers pic.twitter.com/2us0rzTMqk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
This will be bigger
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
New Roadster will have that
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S & X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model 3, as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model 3 demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising & no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching 5k/week production, it would take 2 years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to 0.
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The 2 questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S & X are producing major positive cash flow & Model 3 is about to do same.
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about 3 months
I have prehensile eyebrows
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Russia has great rocket technology & talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes & drops ballistic coefficient by 2 orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
Too wasted to remember
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is 3 to 6 months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
We need to achieve 5k/week with Model 3 before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model 3 is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
at 5M views after 36 hours. Congrats to Chris Paine & co!
In memory of Stephen Hawking
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries & deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately & always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven pic.twitter.com/HckB2OkJ5L
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April 1st.
Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model 3, surrounded by "Teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month! pic.twitter.com/YcouvFz6Y1
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter 14 and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April 1, 2018 -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Love seeing the scars of the rocket pic.twitter.com/y5FQrLcV9B
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon & makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures & buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness & safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
Literally never seen it even once
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about 250,000 lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel pic.twitter.com/wlKbLwd0f7
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new 3 imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sounds like this canton has style!
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel & Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
On the Westworld set with my bro @kimbal
None of the above
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this: pic.twitter.com/C0iJPi8b4U
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels & Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians & cyclists over cars
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah & Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy & Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even 50% of their own factory in China, but there are five 100% China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays 25% import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays 2.5%, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US & China should have equal & fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints & other factors.
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag & low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs & long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety & environmental requirements & labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy & a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A & B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations pic.twitter.com/TfI53wHEtz
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable 2% load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block 1 performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block 5. SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Side boosters landing on droneships & center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before 2023
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after 2020. Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt. pic.twitter.com/bKhRN73WHF
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth. pic.twitter.com/QljN2VnL1O
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to 7000 km. Will spend 5 hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts & then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ 1 and 2
Camera views from inside the payload fairing #FalconHeavy
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for 3:45 liftoff #FalconHeavy
Upper atmosphere winds currently 20% above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish. #FalconHeavy
Live webcast of the launch at
All systems remain green for launch at 1:30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Regular departures ... pic.twitter.com/5GM9CbMewd
Starman in Red Roadster
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at 1:30pm on Tuesday
Customs problem solved! pic.twitter.com/6D0Fbm8NFI
Release candidate in final testing phase
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from 1 to 20,000 pic.twitter.com/ZBYEYO6zqu
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex 39A and Falcon 9 in background on 40
So hard to keep future product releases secret
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Unless you like fun
1,000 ordered already, only 19,000 left!
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb 6 from Apollo launchpad 39A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so. pic.twitter.com/npaqatbNir
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model 3 functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit @johnkrausphotos)
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates & rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical pic.twitter.com/uG1k0WISv1
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model 3 ramp.
Should be in next update
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost 5 years. Am dying to build it.
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
46k limited edition boring hats sold, 4K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea pic.twitter.com/GUIHpKkkp5
It was definitely aliens
How much is it?
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early 2018. Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
With people around, so you can see scale pic.twitter.com/e0w1W0nJKv
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same @NASA pad as the Saturn V Apollo 11 moon rocket. It was 50% higher thrust with five F-1 engines at 7.5M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is 5.1 million pounds or 2300 metric tons. First mission will run at 92%.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape pic.twitter.com/hizfDVsU7X
Knight Rider is real
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon 9 V5, which is a few months away.
This depressingly misleading & misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
10 hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel & drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
After 50k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over 30,000 hats sold!
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Every 5000th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
To preserve the transcendent majesty & specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at 50,000 caps. Almost there ...
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo 11 pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part 2
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
Wow, they played D&D in D&D
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively & literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
0 to 100 km/h in 1.9 sec pic.twitter.com/xTOTDGuwQj
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at 8pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte pic.twitter.com/8h9vvWu4f5
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at 8pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory pic.twitter.com/KpUuK7bktk
One rocket, slightly toasted
500 ft so far. Should be 2 miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole 405 N-S corridor from LAX to the 101 in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday pic.twitter.com/TfdVKyXFsJ
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our 10,000 year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the 4,500,000,000 year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat 5000! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. "And be my love in the rain." pic.twitter.com/xlWPYdPu3P
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost 4000 hats sold so far. Whoever buys the 5000th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to @TalulahRiley
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
BFR AMA on r/space in 2 hours
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds & driving that thru air skiis & rearward for thrust.
To be more inclusive, how about a "pick your tech level" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ...
Aim for 10 kN of thrust on a 200 kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model 3 Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series 1 '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model 3 body line slowed down to 1/10th speed
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is "What color?". Don't need a configurator for that.
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably 6 to 8 weeks
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16. Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas.
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire & train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes & shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
Aiming for two rocket landings in 48 hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of 2 to 3 g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful & silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter & collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail @IAC2017. This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did :)
Major improvements & some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at @IAC2017 in Australia
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
High res version at
Tesla Semi truck unveil & test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct 26th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too :(
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
Tunnels are sealed to 5 atmospheres of water & gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
That's pretty much why we did it
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is 0.8 miles long and just under 6 ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR pic.twitter.com/ntaMsoxkZE
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over 20+ miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning 2nd @Hyperloop competition! Peak speed of 324 km/h, which is over 200 mph!!
Just arrived at the @Hyperloop competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was >90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
Tesla does not really have "TTunes". That's a joke.
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach 7.9 (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach 6.9 Max altitude: 247 km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably 2m or so
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Falcon 9 boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions pic.twitter.com/fZTPmwsnOz
I played those games :)
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it :)
I would say that @TheOnion is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
We are going to move all info and settings to the "cloud" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
But you can check it out on @9GAGTweets. Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota 2
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea. pic.twitter.com/2z0tiid0lc
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess & Go.
A level 9 orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least 8 seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter & maybe 5 to 10 that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given 52 weeks of salary & stock in appreciation for her great contribution & left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over 10 yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors & never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Yeah, it's better than a Model 3. We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model 3 uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control & lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model 3 production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Watched them personally to make sure & I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but @MKBHD was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model 3 handover tomorrow night ...
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate & fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning & lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Movie on the subject coming soon...
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my 18th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
A 9m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket & spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Kinda have to :)
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries & motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state & city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local & federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in 29 mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels & confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer. pic.twitter.com/4P3QO7EMLW
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Fixed. Now it's good.
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow :)
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon 9. Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
We do that too, but for free
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy. pic.twitter.com/OJotlGmPHt
That doesn't sound right
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a "posse" & didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery.
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model 3 pic.twitter.com/TCa2NSUNI3
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to 1st car as he was 1st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my 46th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit 1 of Model 3 is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks @INTELSAT! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was 28,000 km, Falcon 9 achieved 43,000 km.
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach 20,000 Model 3 cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first 30 customer Model 3's on the 28th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be 100 cars and Sept above 1500.
Model 3 passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones & most laptops are made.
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week. pic.twitter.com/DIZW7zuWaA
Across the road and below the ground pic.twitter.com/E2DG8EzaXg
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack & peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach 8 reentry is 8X Mach 4. Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in <24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Significantly improves control force
Launch at 1:25 delivering 10 satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry. pic.twitter.com/Ltrq1Prg2m
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about 2 years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and 3G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon 9 to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power & energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon 9 will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Damn, I forgot bacon
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the 3 meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts & radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change 100 kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model 3 pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model 3 obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries & Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW 1 and 2.
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars & beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly & are reluctant to adopt new tech.
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only 7% of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Was no "company", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees & didn't even own Tesla Motors name.
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs & gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought 90% prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in 2003 & then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
Good point, will add "cancel nav" to voice commands
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Tap cancel on the screen
Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say "Play Monty Python" or "Navigate home" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well.
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
We can either give up hope & sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks :) Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge & jury system.
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A 7 step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at 6.
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for 500
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been 1000 years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
I hope I'm wrong
Great comedy! They should write for @TheOnion.
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV & dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars & airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
I do via my foundation, which is now 16 years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Comparing Model S vs Model 3
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to 5 people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic 360 deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model 3 first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian & cyclist safety
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version 4). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a 3.
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that 30% of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off :)
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model 3, Model X & Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision & control software.
Black and textured slate versions will be
For reason I can't explain, I find #2 especially odd. Also, not a fan of #17. Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
Still agree with Tim's points. What "you" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time.
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant 2nd.
And ... it's done pic.twitter.com/MBBSa04Eoc
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at 17, wearing a hat on a hat pic.twitter.com/U96ClGz5gZ
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was 17
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine 1 (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems & plays. Decided against plays & poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about 10 hours ...
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians 2 w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
By calling it "the Second", it has more credibility
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at 98.6% of the theoretical load limit. pic.twitter.com/nBzBMNdjBp
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, @CreepyPuppet and @CowanFilms
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for 75 kWh packs that are software created to 60, so not 2013.
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a 60 to a 75
Pickup truck unveil in 18 to 24 months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to 100%.
Latency should only be 5 min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs pic.twitter.com/oWU6oq9Jqb
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Looks like it could do 20% more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of 1st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend & Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from 0% to >0% :)
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob 6 weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within 24 hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model 3.
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
What gave me away?
Long Neuralink piece coming out on @waitbutwhy in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a 75 kWh pack in Model 3 at current cell/module energy densities
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
The Model S produced today is arguably version 4. Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model 3 arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in 6 to 9 months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with 8.1 next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model 3 pic.twitter.com/zcs6j1YRa4
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model 3 release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model 3 is like a BMW 3 series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW 5 and 6 series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Model 3 was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different :)
Model 3 is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range & power & fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
Am noticing that many people think Model 3 is the "next version" of a Tesla, like iPhone 2 vs 3. This is not true.
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
Looks like Tues/Wed for 8.1 release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
3 is a great car, but definitely Model S
I wish. It's so annoying.
It's been a bear to get done, but prob 10 days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever :) Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially @mcannonbrookes
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda "digitizes" DC power
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power & electronics both DC.
Just spoke with @JayWeatherill, Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for 100MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it 7 or 8 times ever.
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at 1pm PST
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Just posted a video
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&D risk on Dragon 2, that I feel very confident of 2018.
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, 99% likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that 1% chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
I used that one :)
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request :)
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
Apparently, there is this thing called "Dad jokes" and I make them
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve 2.4 sec when they tested the Porsche 918
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit 100.
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or 3) above 100 kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its 2.27. MT said everything had to be standard production.
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to 60 mph in 2.27 sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model 3 is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in 140 chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees :)
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them :)
Not perfect & cd be better, but 10th out of 200+ countries with only a 0.08 diff to "1st" place means it's essentially on par
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
Good grief, I'm not "working" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction.
Actually, I think it's kinda cool :)
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this pic.twitter.com/Mpv5j6088K
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important :)
26 ft diameter tunnel running 2 miles under D.C. pic.twitter.com/XFQkioEsg8
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council & keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
Yes. Green cards & dual citizens already ok. Work & spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h
Headline & article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that :)
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Strategic & Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong & don't deserve to be rejected.
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people & it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution & hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the 105 Freeway, which is 5 mins from LAX
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
Was wondering what those were
That may be a difficult award to decline
... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."
Ok, fine. Soldier 76. My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
3 months maybe, 6 months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to 45 mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every 2 to 6 weeks
The 100D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block 5 is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance & ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every 12 to 18 months.
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing 300+ parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon 9.
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a 90% reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates 180 degrees and does a retro burn
Mission looks good. Started deploying the 10 Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. 2.34 would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as 2.1.
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like 0 to 60 mph in 2.34 sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar & sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at 35 mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial 1000
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first 1000 & to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
Hold-down firing of @SpaceX Falcon 9 at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to 1000 cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving 0.1 sec off 0-60mph & 1/4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere 350 kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Should complete in 2017. One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my 18th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car 42.
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars. pic.twitter.com/8Cy7YPlECX
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
8.1, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
It shall be called "The Boring Company"
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle pic.twitter.com/QrpcVyHAXr
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
Backlog of 5 seat foldflat config. 6 seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with 8.1 next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by 0.1 sec on 0 to 60 and 1/4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do 0 to 60 mph in 2.4 sec and a 10.6 sec 1/4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red :)
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily & then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting :)
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the 6 seat best, but the new 5 allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
Loving this thread :)
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already 5 star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing. pic.twitter.com/ob7lqrXP4n
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
@XHNews Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM 5 heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim & combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall 2.0 launch event will be webcast live on at 5:30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in 8.01 (next few weeks) and 8.1 in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at 5:30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
fixing, but in a slightly different way
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at <ahem> 3pm California time
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
8 cameras, 12 ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via @WSJ
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model 3 part 2
Tesla announcement goes live at 5pm California time. 30 minutes of media Q&A to follow.
This is because the first 12 months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
@heiseonline Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
@FortuneMagazine Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for "subsidies", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the 28th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at 222 million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to 4.4, which is probably December
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
No irony or uhh "shade" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing.
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot :)
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know. pic.twitter.com/Rx3YWb8JkI
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the 2060s via @NatGeo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in 5 to 10.
12m rocket booster diameter, 17m spaceship diameter, 122 m stack height
Meant to say 200 AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to 150. Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
382s is with a 150 area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost 3X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 MN (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine pic.twitter.com/vRleyJvBkx
Aiming for Oct 28 unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall 2.0 battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot & used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at 20% state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"smart" preconditioning should be less dumb in 8.0
also, the Tesla is poison free!
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below 40C/105F by automatically venting cabin & turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version 2? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version 1.
I love the suggestions!
Hoping to start WW rollout of 8.0 on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at 100 kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not 100% forthcoming about climate change via @BW
Tesla Model S loses 28% after 50k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose 38%, a BMW 7-series will lose 40%, and an Audi A8 will lose 41%.
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&A on Autopilot post at 11am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
@abadcliche Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support & advice from @NASA, @FAA, @AFPAA & others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report@spacex.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on 8.0 and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and 8.1 software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&A for 30 mins and embargo ends at 12:30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
Over the entrance of @OpenAI pic.twitter.com/ca3ZFdgmFe
Would like to thank @nvidia and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to @OpenAI in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot & editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model 3 chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from @Space_Station cupola pic.twitter.com/1HjljLWdFi
We are definitely patenting this idea pic.twitter.com/N46cvN9uX9
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster pic.twitter.com/9BAchcBX73
Some good guessing by @Jalopnik. The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete & include battery recycling
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via @NPR: Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs) pic.twitter.com/NceuqckqCK
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi & doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Post should go live on Tesla website around 5pm
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot & Model 3 today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again. pic.twitter.com/1OfA8h7Vrf
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral pic.twitter.com/dBkjBCDIRs
Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that "they know better". Makes no sense.
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart & don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: 0.0% want it disabled -- not 0.1%, 0.0%.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything >= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's @SpaceX launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with @BoschGlobal, maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
6 hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week :)
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of 3.9mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
can't wait to see the costume
@FredericLambert Only if I can play a monkey
already taken care of
I like your tweets!
Tricky in 140 chars, but: 1B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by @PeterDiamandis
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is 17 deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before 1B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than 1B miles, there simply isn't enough data. 1B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
Thanks. Point of calling it "beta" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect.
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
Use of word "beta" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense.
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part 2. Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT & many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a 5!
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony & didn't get my tweet.
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Exactly! I love Twitter.
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about 1M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
@mashable We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Article is misleading to readers. No one is "taking home" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table.
Of course. Our love will never die.
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential :)
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. 2016 is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck pic.twitter.com/Sa6uCkpknY
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly :)
Looks like thrust was low on 1 of 3 landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase & satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: 37 of 40 suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model 3 cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct. pic.twitter.com/TqW8d6Cc3U
@Recode I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
It is simulations all the way down
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in 2025. What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!! pic.twitter.com/uAXuBkDYuR
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this & investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max & used up contingency crush core, hence back & forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to 91,000 km apogee. All looks good.
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Flight 24 is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
No prob. We care about doing what's fair & just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there & we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less & less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr. pic.twitter.com/2dTH0ncdKX
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon 9 boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon 9, but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
It's probably the Ambien
@tzepr Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
@lukealization Max is just 3X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of 1 Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to 36,000 km above Earth pic.twitter.com/QHiiMdMMJ3
@hansmikael @TeslaMotors Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model 3 soon if you want 2018 delivery
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant & measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
@MacTechGenius @SacEV Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
@JohanMancus Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
@SacEV next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
@_andyoneal sides def, center maybe
Falcon Heavy thrust will be 5.1M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to 1.71M lbf later this year. It is capable of 1.9M lbf in flight.
@elonmusk F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be 22,800 kg
@lukealization No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
@lukealization No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
@elonmusk Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract 30% to 40% for reusable booster payload.
@mattyteare Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce 3 sigma reserve margin.
@phillipcjackson turns out it doesn't need securing
@Tweetermeyer things like this should be purged shortly
@RokBottomGamers 100+ for almost everything 10+ for heat shields and a few other items.
@VivekMGeorge Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
@gdoehne JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
@MrBoylan System scan detected only 0.2% of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
@maya_kazan Temporary spike in some areas due to X 3rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
@MrBoylan Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of 2 will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are 2, so speculation unlikely.
@erothenberg Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand >> supply.
@erothenberg checking into it ...
@romn8tr will definitely do so
@abraham_cavazos some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
@Cardoso It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon 2 is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
@KristianNairn A 3 should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
@scottmcnealy That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
@dannysparker Aiming for relaunch in 3 to 4 months, pending detailed examination and 10X refiring of a returned booster
@RealDarthBL We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea pic.twitter.com/C5QWfNy99r
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
Activate autopilot 4X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
@drew @SpaceX Not from us, but it's awesome
@thelonelyisland Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not :)
@levie Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX & SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
@POTUS Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
@NASA @sgvcrime @SpaceX @Space_Station Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" pic.twitter.com/4rGOJMTzVn
@arstechnica Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
@nonesuchzach Nickel is also in nickels
@nonesuchzach Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over 325k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only 5% ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
@samboykin @danahull the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
@jpfrappier yes, will go all the way to Alaska
@Recode Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse & don't want to read from a prompter.
@LaurenShearer1 Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
@MThorpXXi We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche 911 Turbo S to a Model X
@Christiano92 @Inspron @Jerry22499879 won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
@lordsshrivas Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
@GonzaloBolio yes, coming this year
@AmarnathRevanna Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
@GatorWass you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for 3.
@PeteEhmKay @gerardomarina what's the link to that?
@tapwin No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
@CrackedUpCorson Will cover whole country hopefully this year
@AndersRytter yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
@torvos torque is shifted between front & rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model 3 will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
@Zooropa88 @TeslaMotors Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
@Alandbru @TeslaMotors should be addressed this year
@CmaxVs Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
@iKrivetko that's not the real steering system
@B_Rans yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
@HBL_Cosmin Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the 3. It feels like a spaceship.
@MICHAELSD01 @TechGrlTweeter Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
@scottkelley99 Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
@_amwolo_ They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
@BValvsRacing It will make sense after part 2 of the Model 3 unveil
A Model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
@RyanCasburn We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
@SnoozeThroughF1 There will be an optional tow hitch.
@RGspan Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
@jeffrey @neutyp Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
@mindthreat @RyanHummer Yes, if the trend continues, before
276k Model 3 orders by end of Sat
Model 3 design sketches pic.twitter.com/P5ucOBRUZ7
@grebakshay We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before 3 production starts.
@Model3Owners They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
@vicentes Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for 3. They deserve a lot of credit.
@Aakashhh_ we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
@raytech247 yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
@squallcraft and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe 20-30 people per store would line up, not 800. Gifts on order.
@34thrain Maybe 1/4 to 1/2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part 2 of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the 3 day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
253k as of 7am this morning
@Jbourquee Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind & geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
@steveagee def on the cards for the future
@JackLipstone should be within a week or two max
@Alyssa_Milano Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model 3 order count is now at 198k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model 3 orders at 180,000 in 24 hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
@IndiaToday Will include India-wide Supercharger network
@StartUpRabbi Coming in the mail
@redletterdave Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
@drew Just order the SpaceX option package!
@lukealization yes, will cover whole country
@roddrury X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model 3 order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing & Ireland.
Model 3 orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at 7:30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at 8:30.
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model 3. You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model 3 unveil will be webcast live at 8:30pm California time at
@rossbin You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part 1 of the Model 3 unveil. Part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model 3 order day starting in Australia pic.twitter.com/T6aUnG5BCv
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model 3 pic.twitter.com/fmCPFC9FEm
@mikegaalsf Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
SpaceX & Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
@wk057 @TeslaMotors Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. Thanks @SES_Satellites for riding on Falcon 9! Looking forward to future missions.
@Astro_Valdric @TeslaMotors We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
.@curtismcauliff SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic pic.twitter.com/Gr8T5upaLd
@PernilleT Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
@SpaceX Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
@SpaceX AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
@TLKFremont Great leg room for 3rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
@derekslager @skiesforme yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
@skiesforme Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick 6 seats unless you really need 7.
@skiesforme @TeslaMotors That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
@skiesforme Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
@RoMcLocko @TeslaMotors coming later this year
There is no way it is only 0.5%, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as 50%.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
@nathanfielder Don't you already have a spaceship? pic.twitter.com/tFNM43sONg
@msb17 yeah, that's a great one too :)
Worth watching "Nathan for You" on Comedy Central, particularly the "Dumb Starbucks" and "Mechanic/Realtor" episodes
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning pic.twitter.com/LowwuPAgoz
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
@chriskreidler @engadget yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
More details on Model 3 unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
No signature series for Model 3. Same reservation amount for all.
Model 3 reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March 31 and online April 1
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
@Benzinga I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for 2016: ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in 2017
@stunt_penguin @LayOn_OverWhale Stage 1 would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
@JimmyVosika Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation > ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude & distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing. pic.twitter.com/w007TccANJ
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating & rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations.
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land & not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Falcon 9 back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
Live video from LZ-1 pic.twitter.com/Ve6gEXfOdh
Falcon 9 standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral pic.twitter.com/RZdfcH0exW
There and back again pic.twitter.com/Ll7wg2hL1G
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Launch & landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at 8:33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a 10% higher chance of a good landing. Punting 24 hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by 0.6 secs for next attempt.
About 2 mins from static fire
@elonmusk holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
5 mins from static fire test
@lukealization yes, from 70F to 20 F
@craigcocca It worked in Texas
@PaigeANjax -340 F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon 9 is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
@mashabletech @mashable Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the 16th and launch about three days later
@laulauritzen Agreed. Working on it.
@NASA Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
@MikeBloomberg Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
@ID_AA_Carmack Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
@JeffBezos Not quite "rarest". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did 6 suborbital flights 3 years ago & is still around. pic.twitter.com/6j9ERKCNZl
@TobiasVdb The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach 3, but GTO orbit requires ~Mach 30. The energy needed is the square, i.e. 9 units for space and 900 for orbit.
It is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
@levie Sounds perfect, you had me at "enterprise".
@StartupLJackson Yeah and hell yeah
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot@teslamotors.com.
@kevinmitnick Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
@MacTechGenius yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
@anakinSGE Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
@GangsOfGtown Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
@abrax4s Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
@javashri Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
@roneijlander We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model 3 is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars & batteries in CA & NV as far into future as I can imagine.
@JessicaTetreau important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
@shanenickerson Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot 1.01 coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
@backseatdiver Hoping for Friday release
@elonmusk Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the 7.1 UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
@sAlmaneei already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
@M4XRodri planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
@jonthomason yay! Always happy to make others happy
@thebradholt big UI update coming in V7.1
@ryybuzz we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says 97% of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
@Meddd__ @aaronpaul_8 Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
@aaronpaul_8 um, thanks, I like your work too
@elimelechweiss actually works best at night
@roymoody Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
@MRamseyWSJ 1.5 million miles per day
@lordsshrivas Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with 7.1
@TeslaPittsburgh Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with 7.1.
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version 7 software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 & is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas & coal.
@HamiltonOfiyai Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
@appleinsider I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
Regarding the watch, Jony & his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version 3, it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
@Avron_p you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to 140 mph.
@stumplahoma @mashable door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
@sasatokic @mashable Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
@johnzabroski thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
Model X launch webcast live today 8pm at . Time to show the real thing. pic.twitter.com/oXMrucs8wJ
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever. pic.twitter.com/3qUG1O6Q2v
@deadmau5 It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin pic.twitter.com/PLXkR38d8e
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon 2 is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
First production cars will be handed over on Sept 29 at our Fremont factory
@ScottLucasNV Lithium deal is not exclusive & has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
@elonmusk $35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model 3, our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about 2 years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size & body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
@Forbes I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
@BjornNyland Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
@tallakt Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
@ID_AA_Carmack Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
@kevinmitnick probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, 70 kWh rear drive and 90 kWh battery pack
Model S product call at 11 today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers & FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
@adventFuturist yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
Droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" just before it left port
@NoMansSky You're welcome. Good conversation.
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the @Hyperloop competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
My kids love "The Lost Planet" by @RachelSearles. Now on a rare second read!
@kpe @SpaceX @grierallen @natedapore Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is 10cm. What is its remaining volume?
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
@TeslaP85D That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS & hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of 22 Quotes from , 2 need correcting: 1. I strongly support pregnancy leave 2. I've never called myself a samurai
@voxdotcom I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was 6X gravity, altitude 1187m, lateral distance 1202m and velocity 155 m/s. Main chutes deployed 970m.
Dragon abort test stats: 0 to 100 mph in 1.2 sec, top speed of 345 mph
Hold down firing of Dragon 2 spacecraft at Cape Canaveral pic.twitter.com/2626wb8596
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship pic.twitter.com/8a403c7Fv1
@romn8tr Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ... pic.twitter.com/8mwVWukQDL
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching @ExMachinaMovie. The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
@bonnienorman New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in 2 months.
@Aero4Real I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly pic.twitter.com/2F5FK0TZ0i
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing pic.twitter.com/eJWzN6KSJa
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
3 mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than 50%. The 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over 5 yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla 70D all-wheel drive, 240 mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings & incentives)
Battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy.
Welcome @Chiefboltkennyh to @TeslaMotors. He will apply Formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
@johngreen @hankgreen You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking "The Fault in Our Stars" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of 5GWh two weeks after reaching 4GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having 2D streets and 3D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in 3D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in 3D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon 9 lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pounds of force pic.twitter.com/7ltlN2WYmx
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
@AbeAlem Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in 2015. Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
@Pandoomic Just changed them to full public domain
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of 4 gigawatt-hours this week
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" Really odd that we see no sign of them.
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe & Asia.
Next landing attempt will be 3rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Landing on a stormy sea pic.twitter.com/7EY25g3IU5
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target & nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
@DanielLockyer We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure :)
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability <1%.
Dragon splashdown off the California coast pic.twitter.com/4Bvfmei8I3
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost 2X force and 4X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our 1st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at 1M miles, 4X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here: